People need to realize that these children grow up. They will remember and then what. There are million of Latino kids here watching this and being traumatized by this. I have 2 of them. They grow up. Let me tell you children of immigrants the go to co llege. They remember. All I can say is be prepared. And honestly if my kid snaps on your white kid because he couldn't take be told to go back to Mexico one more time,  will applaud him. He will not be punished. And as a parent I'll be looking at you to see if you deserve a punch too. Why do my children have to live in fear? They are citizens. Why should my son have to carry his US passport and state ID everyday? Im so tired of this hate of anyone not white. <N> Maj. General Paul D. Eaton Since retirement from the US Army in 2006 after 33 years service, Major General Paul D. Eaton has actively engaged in the recent Presidential campaign and currently serves as Senior Advisor to the National Security Network. His Army assignments include Infantry command from the company to brigade levels and command of the Infantry Center at Fort Benning and Chief of Infantry. His most recent operational assignment was Commanding General of the command charged with reestablishing Iraqi Security Forces 2003-2004, where he built the command and established the structure and infrastructure for the Iraqi Armed Forces and Interior Ministry security forces. Other operational assignments include Somalia, Bosnia and Albania. Other assignments include the Joint Staff, Deputy Commanding General for Transformation and Stryker Unit Development and Assistant Professor and head of the French Department at West Point. He is a 1972 graduate of West Point, married to PJ Eaton and father to sons Shane and Joshua, and daughter Gina, all Soldiers. In the news: Treaty protects against nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism Atlantic Journal Constitution <N> Washington, DC - Major General (Ret.) Paul D. Eaton, a former commander in the Iraq war, and senior adviser to VoteVets, released the following statement on Donald Trump decertifying the Iran deal. Today, Donald Trump has moved us closer to a war with Iran, while he has also moved us closer to a nuclear war with North Korea. All this while we wage a war in Afghanistan. By decertifying the Iran deal, and putting the question of new sanctions before Congress, Iran will now consider restarting its nuclear program. Should Congress reinstitute sanctions, Iran will undoubtedly speed towards nuclear weapons, putting us on the path to war. If Congress inserts new triggers for sanctions, Iran will likely consider whether staying in the deal is worth it, at all. At the same time, North Korea now knows that any deal signed by the United States is not worth the ink it is written in, when it comes to Donald Trump. That chops diplomats off at the knees, as they struggle to find a non-military solution to the crisis in Korea. It moves us closer to nuclear war with North Korea. In short, today Donald Trump has put us on the path to two new wars, with nuclear weapons. We are very much less safe today, than we were yesterday. The path we are now on  massive loss of human life, on the scale of millions  is not a positive development for America, or humanity. We implore Congress to step in, and rein in this president. Founded in 2006, and backed by over 500,000 supporters, the mission of VoteVets.org is to use public issue campaigns and direct outreach to lawmakers to ensure that troops abroad have what they need to complete their missions, and receive the care they deserve when they get home. VoteVets.org also recognizes veterans as a vital part of the fabric of our country and will work to protect veterans' interests in their day-to-day lives. VoteVets.org is committed to the destruction of terror networks around the world - with force when necessary - to protect America. While non-partisan, the group is the largest progressive organization of veterans in America. <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. With heavy hearts and a fierce determination to prevent the next school shooting, students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School came face-to-face with the National Rifle Association and Florida's two U.S. senators during a town hall Wednesday night, one week after a gunman massacred 17 people at their school. The event, hosted by CNN and attended by more than 7,000 students, parents, legislators and community members, opened with a video montage honoring the 14 students, two school staffers and one teacher killed in the Feb. 14 shooting in Parkland, Florida. Moderator Jake Tapper opened up the floor to questions for Sens. Marco Rubio, a Republican, and Bill Nelson, a Democrat, as well as Rep. Ted Deutch, D-Fla. Rubio bore the brunt of the anger, engaging in searing confrontations with parents of victims and survivors of last weeks shooting. "Your comments this week and those of our president have been pathetically weak," said Fred Guttenberg, whose 14-year-old daughter, Jaime, was killed in the shooting. A stone-faced Rubio responded that the issue "cant be solved with gun laws alone," which prompted boos from the audience. In another heated exchange, Rubio was asked by junior Cameron Kasky, a prominent face among those driving a nascent student movement to strengthen gun laws, whether he would "accept a single donation from the NRA" going forward. Rubio avoided the question, saying instead that the NRA "buys into my agenda, I dont buy into theirs," which again evoked jeers. Marjory Stoneman Douglas student Cameron Kasky, left, asks Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., if he will continue to accept money from the NRA during a CNN town hall in Sunrise, Florida, on Wednesday night. Reuters Rubio said he supported raising the age limit on rifle purchases to 21 and "gun violence restraining orders," but he repeatedly stressed that the issue of gun control is complex. Both Nelson and Deutch said they supported a total ban on assault weapons. The NRA, the nations largest pro-gun organization, was represented by spokeswoman Dana Loesch, who pointed the finger at lax reporting by states to a gun database system, the lack of a federally mandated standard, and missed "red flags" by law enforcement on potentially dangerous people. "We have to have better protocol to follow up on those red flags," Loesch said. "We have to follow up on protocol and why are the states not complying with this law." She maintained that a "deranged" person like Nikolas Cruz, the suspect in the massacre, should never have gotten a gun if rules had been followed and if "good guys with guns" were there to protect the students. Tapper noted that President Donald Trump and Florida Gov. Rick Scott both declined invitations to attend the town hall, but the panelists still discussed Trumps suggestion during a meeting with relatives and friends of victims earlier in the day that arming teachers could prevent school shootings. All three legislators said they disagreed with Trump. Nelson called it a "terrible idea." Earlier in the day, thousands of students, including some from Stoneman Douglas, protested in front of Florida's Old Capitol in Tallahassee after the state Legislature voted down a bill to ban purchases of assault rifles  like the one the Florida gunman used. "Why do we have to be ones to do this?" Stoneman Douglas senior Ryan Deitsch, who was hiding in a closet during the attack, said at the town hall. "Why do we have to march on Washington just to save innocent lives?" The town hall was also attended by Sheriff Scott Israel of Broward County, where Marjory Stoneman Douglas is located. He asked lawmakers to give law enforcement officers "more power" to take guns away from dangerous people and said deputies would now be armed with rifles in Broward County schools. The night ended with Max Schachter, who lost his 14-year-old son, Alex, reading a poem written by the teen comparing life to a roller coaster. "It may be too much for you at times, the twists the turns, the upside downs," he read. "But you get back up, you keep chugging along. And eventually, it comes to a stop. You won't know when or how but you will know that'll be time to get off and start anew." <N> CLOSE Companies being urged to cut ties with the gun rights group, advocating a NRA boycott. Veuer's Nick Cardona has that story. Buzz60 Illinois gun owners and supporters fill out National Rifle Association applications while participating in an Illinois Gun Owners Lobby Day convention before marching to the Illinois state Capitol in Springfield, Ill., on March 7, 2012. (Photo: Seth Perlman, AP) Major companies with ties to the National Rifle Association suddenly shed ties to the pro-gun-rights interest group amid intense scrutiny over the Parkland, Fla., school shooting. The breakups were swift amid a billowing cloud of scrutiny on social media, where countless users threatened to boycott companies that maintained a relationship with the NRA. Most of the businesses had offered discounted products and services to NRA's several million members. Critics said the deals served as an attractive element of NRA membership. The NRA blasted the companies that severed ties for "a shameful display of political and civic cowardice." "Let it be absolutely clear. The loss of a discount will neither scare nor distract one single NRA member from our mission to stand and defend the individual freedoms that have always made America the greatest nation in the world," the group said in a statement. More: NRA hits back at United Airlines, Delta, other companies for cutting ties More: MetLife, rental car agencies dump NRA discounts More: NRA-branded Visa card dropped by First National Bank of Omaha More: Amazon, Google and Apple under pressure to remove NRA streaming channel Under pressure to end discounts through the NRA Business Alliance, FedEx said Monday that it would not sever the relationship but that it opposed the NRA's views on assault weapons. "FedEx is a common carrier under federal law and therefore does not and will not deny service or discriminate against any legal entity regardless of their policy positions or political views," the company said in a statement. FedEx added that "the NRA is one of hundreds of organizations" that receive discounts and FedEx "has never set or changed rates for any of our millions of customers around the world in response to their politics, beliefs or positions on issues." The NRA says on its website that it has "teamed up" with FedEx "to offer BIG savings" on the shipment giant's services. The company said Monday that its views on guns "differ from those of the National Rifle Association" and it "opposes assault rifles being in the hands of civilians." "While we strongly support the constitutional right of U.S. citizens to own firearms subject to appropriate background checks, FedEx views assault rifles and large capacity magazines as an inherent potential danger to schools, workplaces, and communities when such weapons are misused," FedEx said. "We therefore support restricting them to the military." The company also called on lawmakers to take action "to protect schools and students from incidents such as the horrific tragedy in Florida." While FedEx refused to cut off the NRA, other major companies are still under pressure, as well. Amazon, Google and Apple have taken heat from celebrity critics, who called for the company to stop offering an NRA video channel through streaming services. Here's the list of companies that have dropped NRA deals: *Delta Air Lines: The company axed discounted rates for NRA members. *United Airlines: United ended an offer of discounted flights for NRA members traveling to their annual meeting. *Enterprise Holdings: The parent company of car rental brands Enterprise, Alamo and National is ending discount deals with the NRA within a few weeks. *Hertz: Like Enterprise, car rental company Hertz is ending discounts to NRA members. *Avis and Budget: The company that owns the Avis and Budget rental car firms also plans to end discounts for NRA members. *Symantec: The cybersecurity company's LifeLock identity theft protection service for businesses and its Norton anti-virus software had both offered discounts to NRA members. Those deals are off. *TrueCar: The online car-buying service is ending its deal for NRA members, who previously saved an average of nearly $3,400 off the retail price of new and used vehicles. *MetLife: The insurer had offered discounts to NRA members on auto and home policies before axing the deal. *SimpliSafe: The home security company had offered a special promotion to NRA members, but that ended Friday. *First National Bank of Omaha: The financial institution cut an NRA-branded Visa credit card. Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> National Rifle Association spokeswoman Dana Loesch came under fire on Twitter after a 2010 tweet of hers began to resurface on the social media platform. The October 2010 tweet from Loesch read, "I bet Rick Sanchez was fired by a Jew." Loesch was responding to CNN's firing of the daytime anchor a day after telling a radio interviewer that Jon Stewart was a bigot and that everybody that runs CNN is a lot like Stewart. "Her context is to minimize firing of a bigot to a revenge act... and to post an antisemitic libel about Jews having power," one twitter user replied Monday to the original tweet. While another user wrote in response, "Why do you care if someone is Jewish or not?" and another asked in all seriousness, "Wait, this is a satire profile, right?" The resurfacing of the tweet comes as Loesch is defending gun rights across the American media after the deadly school shooting in Florida that killed 17 students and staff. Screen shot of NRA spokewoman Dana Loesch's 2010 tweet, which has been accused of being anti-Semitic, that was deleted on February 26, 2018 Screen shot skip - Tweet I bet Rick Sanchez was fired by a Jew.  Dana Loesch (@DLoesch) October 2, 2010 Loesch has received similar criticism before when she appeared in ads targeting the New York Times and "elites." At one point in the ad, which showed people fighting police, breaking storefront glass and burning the American flag, Loesch threatened, "Consider this the shot across your proverbial bow. ... In short? We're coming for you." skip - Dana Loesch addressing how the media covers mass shootings Many people are appalled Dana Loesch is an NRA spokesperson, but I live for it! Its like hiring Westboro Baptist Church to do your PR. It removes all the focus-grouped polish to reveal all the hatefulness and crazy that have been there all along. #CPAC pic.twitter.com/Lc0WRmVn3S  Mrs. Betty Bowers (@BettyBowers) February 22, 2018 Read more: Just Because Jews Don't Like the NRA, That Doesn't Make the NRA anti-Semitic | Opinion | The NRA's Wayne LaPierre's Chilling Christian Nationalist Call to Arms | Opinion | I Called the Douglas High Shooting a Credibly anti-Semitic Attack. The Response? An anti-Semitic Deluge | Opinion skip - Dana Loesch: We're Coming For You New York Times Dana Loesch: We're Coming For You New York Times -  Dana Loesch: We're Coming For You New York Times Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close Loesch said on ABC's "This Week" the NRA believes individual schools should decide whether to arm teachers an idea U.S. President Donald Trump has strongly endorsed and one that was backed by the NRA in the wake of the Newtown shooting. On Saturday, Trump said on Twitter the proposal would be left "up to states." Loesch sought to play down the emerging differences between the NRA and the White House. "I know that people are trying to find daylight between President Trump and five million law-abiding gun owners," she said. "He's really looking for solutions ... so far nothing's been proposed yet." The president's daughter, Ivanka Trump, said in an interview with NBC News during a visit to South Korea for the Winter Olympics' closing ceremony that her father's suggestion for arming teachers is "an idea that needs to be discussed." But asked whether she, a mother of three children, would consider providing teachers with firearms, she said: "To be honest, I don't know. Obviously, there would have to be an incredibly high standard for who would be able to bear arms in our school." Reuters contributed to this report <N> Marjory Stoneman Douglas Florida Memory Project Marjory Stoneman Douglas, born April 7, 1890 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, graduated from Wellesley with straight A's with the elected honor of "Class Orator." That title proved to be prophetic. In 1915, following a brief and calamitous marriage, she arrived in Miami, working for her father at the Miami Herald. She worked first as a society reporter, then as an editorial page columnist, and later established herself as a writer of note. Here she took on the fight for feminism, racial justice, and conservation long before these causes became popular. She was ahead of her time in recognizing her need for independence and solitude, yet never considered herself entirely a feminist, saying: "I'd like to hear less talk about men and women and more talk about citizens." Marjory Stoneman Douglas with park dignitaries at Venetian Ball. NPS (EVER 17876) Her book, The Everglades: River of Grass, published in 1947 -- the year Everglades National Park was established -- has become the definitive description of the natural treasure she fought so hard to protect. After several reprints, the revised edition was published in 1987, to draw attention to the continuing threats -- unresolved -- to "her river." In the 1950s, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers rose to the top of her list of enemies. In a major construction program, a complex system of canals, levees, dams, and pump stations was built to provide protection from seasonal flooding to former marsh land -- now being used for agriculture and real estate development. Long before scientists became alarmed about the effects on the natural ecosystems of south Florida, Mrs. Douglas was railing at officials for destroying wetlands, eliminating sheetflow of water, and upsetting the natural cycles upon which the entire system depends. Early on, she recognized that the Everglades was a system which depended not only on the flow of water from Lake Okeechobee into the park, but also upon the Kissimmee River which feeds the lake. To add a voting constituency to her efforts, in 1970 she formed the Friends of the Everglades, and was active as the head of the organization. <N> Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, all. We have Members of Congress here, members and former members of the United States Supreme Court, and a number of distinguished Americans who share in common a friendship with one or more of our distinguished honorees today. I welcome you all here. One of the greatest pleasures of being President is the authority to choose recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honor given to civilians by the United States. And so today it is my honor to award the Medal of Freedom to five great reformers of the 20th century who changed America for the better: Mrs. Marjory Stoneman Douglas, the late Joseph Rauh, Judge John Minor Wisdom, the late Justice Thurgood Marshall, and Justice William Brennan. Today they join a distinguished list of citizens in a process initiated by my great predecessor Harry Truman in 1945. Like Harry Truman, all five of them rank among our Nation's great champions of the underdog. Indeed, most of their lives are stories of underdogs themselves. Two of them are sons of immigrants. Justice Brennan's parents came here from Ireland near the time that Mr. Rauh's father and grandfather came here from Germany. One, Justice Marshall, was the great-grandson of slaves. And one, Mrs. Douglas, is descended from a founder of the Underground Railroad. America gave them the freedom to be their best, and they honored our country by becoming five legendary defenders of our freedoms in return. When this medal was created at the end of World War II, America had great decisions to make about what kind of nation we wanted to be. The postwar years were those which unlocked great forces that would transform our society profoundly and permanently. A baby boom and a development boom brought Americans more mobility and more economic opportunity than they had ever enjoyed before. But this new mobility also opened our eyes to problems we had been previously unwilling to acknowledge: the legal barriers set up to prevent black Americans and working people from sharing in the opportunities afforded to others; the growth that devoured the value of our disappearing regional identities and fragile natural landscapes. It was during this time in 1947 that Marjory Stoneman Douglas published her best-selling book, "The Everglades: River of Grass," a monumental work on Florida's unique ecosystem, one of our Nation's greatest natural resources. The next year, 1948, gave us the Democratic National Convention that nominated Harry Truman, where Hubert Humphrey delivered one of the earliest and most impassioned speeches on behalf of civil rights ever given from a national platform. There Joseph Rauh, Jr., won his fight to make civil rights a part of the National Democratic Party platform and an indelible part of our national agenda. In 1954 Thurgood Marshall won a case before the United States Supreme Court called Brown v. Board of Education, the decisive blow against legal segregation, a decision that would have more impact on civil rights in America than any other single action since President Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation just upstairs in this White House. In 1955, Joe Rauh and others celebrated victory over McCarthyism, whose abuses of freedom they had fought so fearlessly. In 1956, President Eisenhower named New Jersey Supreme Court Justice William Brennan to the United States Supreme Court, launching one of the most influential careers in the Court's entire history. And the following year, in 1957, Eisenhower named John Minor Wisdom to the U.S. Court of Appeals, where he and his colleagues pioneered our Nation's landmark decisions on civil rights. He made a lot of good appointments, Mr. Eisenhower. We honor these people not for any private success, not for any personal pursuit of glory but for their selfless devotion to the public interest and their tireless lifetime of achievement in the public arena. Because of what they did, our Nation is a better place, and our lives, all of us, are richer. I'd like to briefly review that before the official citations are read. Marjory Stoneman Douglas, all of 103 years old, has always been ahead of her time. She was born in Minneapolis on April 7th, 1890, raised in Massachusetts, graduated from Wellesley College in 1912, and moved to Florida. She was one of the pioneering women in journalism when she joined the staff of the Miami Herald in 1914. She served the Red Cross in Europe during World War II and returned to the United States to wage a campaign for the passage of the women's suffrage amendmentI said World War II; I meant World War I and to continue a career writing about the distinctive regional character of southern Florida. Her advocacy on behalf of the Everglades in Florida long before there was ever an Earth Day is legendary. It has been an inspiration to generations of conservationists, environmentalists, and preservationists throughout our Nation and especially to my administration, in the work of Vice President Gore and the Administrator of the EPA, another woman from Florida, Carol Browner. She is much admired by the Attorney General who shares her south Florida roots, and I am glad to see her here today, also. Beyond Florida, Marjory Stoneman Douglas is a mentor for all who desire to preserve what we southerners affectionately call "a sense of place." And Mrs. Douglas, the next time I hear someone mention the timeless wonders and powers of Mother Nature, I'll be thinking about you. Joseph Rauh grew up in an immigrant family to become America's leading labor lawyer and advocate of civil liberties. He studied under Felix Frankfurter, clerked for Supreme Court Justice Benjamin Cardozo and then Frankfurter when he was named Cardozo's successor by President Franklin Roosevelt. He was a champion of working people and labor movement reforms. Among his clients were Walter Reuther's United Auto Workers, A. Philip Randolph's Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, and Joseph Yablonski's wing of the United Mine Workers. When he returned from the Army after the Second World War, he founded Americans for Democratic Action to help stem the influence of communism in the United States, and he was elected its vice chairman, a post once held by Vice President Humphrey, Arthur Schlesinger, and the theologian Reinhold Niebuhr. Later, as the group's chairman, he called the ADA a group of independent-minded people grappling with the old line machines of both parties on behalf of good government, not a bad slogan. He represented playwright Arthur Miller against the Government intrusion of the McCarthy committee and was an outspoken champion of civil liberties until his death last year. He may have left us with the most appropriate quotation for this ceremony when he said, "What our generation has done is bring equality into law. The next generation has to bring equality in fact." John Minor Wisdom, a senior judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals at 88 1/2 years old, still handles a caseload as large as any active judge on the bench. But he stands out among his peers as a truly first-class legal scholar who writes brilliant opinions, including his landmark opinion on voting rights in United States v. State of Louisiana in 1963, and his historic opinions to open the University of Mississippi to black students in Meredith v. Fair in 1962. He is a son of the old South who became an architect of the new South. His father attended Washington College in Virginia when its students marched in the funeral of its president, Robert E. Lee. His background makes his progressive decisions all the more remarkable, because I don't think the South could have made it through those trying times without leaders like Judge Wisdom. He may be the only medal recipient today who was once a member of the Republican National Committee. He became the father of the modern Republican Party in Louisiana when he moved it away from reactionary isolationism to the moderation of President Eisenhower. His outspoken calls for reform in government and public education and civil rights are something of which all southerners and members of both political parties can justly be proud. None of our advances in civil rights would have been possible without the indefatigable energy of the late Thurgood Marshall. As an attorney and later as Solicitor General of the United States under President Johnson, he presented the most monumental arguments before the Supreme Court since Daniel Webster in the early years of our Republic, more than a century earlier. If President Kennedy had not named him an appeals court judge in 1961 or President Johnson had not named him the first black Justice on the United States Supreme Court in 1967, his mark on America would still loom very, very large today. He gave his career to defend black people from violence carried out by mobs in the name of justice. As founder and chief counsel of the NAACP's Legal Defense and Education Fund, he waged systematic war against laws that kept black people out of voting booths and their children out of publicly funded schools. He did more to make Martin Luther King's dream of equality real in the lives of our people than anyone in our time. Together, he and Justice Brennan became the twin pillars of liberty and equality on the Court. Justice Marshall's son, Thurgood, Jr., who coordinates legislative affairs in the office of the Vice President, said his father would have been most proud of this award by being honored alongside Justice Brennan, his close friend and colleague through so many years of battles. Justice Brennan is the author of the most enduring constitutional decisions of our last decades, including Baker v. Carr on one person, one vote, and Times v. Sullivan which brought the free speech doctrine into the latter half of the 20th century. He's already been acknowledged by friends as well as foes as one of the most pivotal giants in the history of the Court, perhaps its staunchest defender of freedom of the individual against Government intrusions. As he once told Bill Moyers, the role of the Constitution is, and I quote, "the protection of the dignity of the human being and the recognition that every individual has fundamental rights which Government cannot deny." Justice Brennan served longer than any Justice in this century but two, and his impact and legacy have changed the Court in our country for all time. For all these people here, it must be a great sense of honor to be joined by so many distinguished Americans, members of the Cabinet, former members of the Cabinet, members of the Supreme Court, former members of the Supreme Court, and Members of the Congress. I thank all of you for being here. But I think we should all recognize that the people who should really be grateful to all of them are ordinary Americans, many of whom may not even know their names but whose lives have been forever changed by their labors. I'd like now to ask my military aide to read the citations. [At this point, Maj. Leo Mercado, Jr., USMC, Marine Corps aide to the President, read the citations.] My fellow Americans, we often pay our debts, by acknowledging it, to our Founders. In the beginning of this country, Thomas Jefferson told us something we dare never forget, which is that we must also pay our debts to our reformers, for all the Founders did was to give us something that has to be recreated in every age and time. Today we have acknowledged that debt to five great reformers. We can only repay it if we follow in their footsteps. Thank you very much. <N> In plain English: s--- is everywhere. People defecate on the open ground, and the feces is blown with the dust  onto you, your clothes, your food, the water. He warned us the first day of training: do not even touch water. Human feces carries parasites that bore through your skin and cause organ failure. Three weeks after college, I flew to Senegal, West Africa, to run a community center in a rural town. Life was placid, with no danger, except to your health. That danger was considerable, because it was, in the words of the Peace Corps doctor, "a fecalized environment." Never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined that a few decades later, liberals would be pushing the lie that Western civilization is no better than a third-world country. Or would teach two generations of our kids that loving your own culture and wanting to preserve it are racism. Last time I was in Paris, I saw a beautiful African woman in a grand boubou have her child defecate on the sidewalk next to Notre Dame Cathedral. The French police officer, ten steps from her, turned his head not to see. I have seen. I am not turning my head and pretending unpleasant things are not true. Senegal was not a hellhole. Very poor people can lead happy, meaningful lives in their own cultures' terms. But they are not our terms. The excrement is the least of it. Our basic ideas of human relations, right and wrong, are incompatible. As a twenty-one-year-old starting out in the Peace Corps, I loved Senegal. In fact, I was euphoric. I quickly made friends and had an adopted family. I relished the feeling of the brotherhood of man. People were open, willing to share their lives and, after they knew you, their innermost thoughts. The longer I lived there, the more I understood: it became blindingly obvious that the Senegalese are not the same as us. The truths we hold to be self-evident are not evident to the Senegalese. How could they be? Their reality is totally different. You can't understand anything in Senegal using American terms. Take something as basic as family. Family was a few hundred people, extending out to second and third cousins. All the men in one generation were called "father." Senegalese are Muslim, with up to four wives. Girls had their clitorises cut off at puberty. (I witnessed this, at what I thought was going to be a nice coming-of-age ceremony, like a bat mitzvah or confirmation.) Sex, I was told, did not include kissing. Love and friendship in marriage were Western ideas. Fidelity was not a thing. Married women would have sex for a few cents to have cash for the market. What I did witness every day was that women were worked half to death. Wives raised the food and fed their own children, did the heavy labor of walking miles to gather wood for the fire, drew water from the well or public faucet, pounded grain with heavy hand-held pestles, lived in their own huts, and had conjugal visits from their husbands on a rotating basis with their co-wives. Their husbands lazed in the shade of the trees. Yet family was crucial to people there in a way Americans cannot comprehend. The Ten Commandments were not disobeyed  they were unknown. The value system was the exact opposite. You were supposed to steal everything you can to give to your own relatives. There are some Westernized Africans who try to rebel against the system. They fail. We hear a lot about the kleptocratic elites of Africa. The kleptocracy extends through the whole society. My town had a medical clinic donated by international agencies. The medicine was stolen by the medical workers and sold to the local store. If you were sick and didn't have money, drop dead. That was normal. So here in the States, when we discovered that my 98-year-old father's Muslim health aide from Nigeria had stolen his clothes and wasn't bathing him, I wasn't surprised. It was familiar. In Senegal, corruption ruled, from top to bottom. Go to the post office, and the clerk would name an outrageous price for a stamp. After paying the bribe, you still didn't know it if it would be mailed or thrown out. That was normal. One of my most vivid memories was from the clinic. One day, as the wait grew hotter in the 110-degree heat, an old woman two feet from the medical aides  who were chatting in the shade of a mango tree instead of working  collapsed to the ground. They turned their heads so as not to see her and kept talking. She lay there in the dirt. Callousness to the sick was normal. Americans think it is a universal human instinct to do unto others as you would have them do unto you. It's not. It seems natural to us because we live in a Bible-based Judeo-Christian culture. We think the Protestant work ethic is universal. It's not. My town was full of young men doing nothing. They were waiting for a government job. There was no private enterprise. Private business was not illegal, just impossible, given the nightmare of a third-world bureaucratic kleptocracy. It is also incompatible with Senegalese insistence on taking care of relatives. All the little stores in Senegal were owned by Mauritanians. If a Senegalese wanted to run a little store, he'd go to another country. The reason? Your friends and relatives would ask you for stuff for free, and you would have to say yes. End of your business. You are not allowed to be a selfish individual and say no to relatives. The result: Everyone has nothing. The more I worked there and visited government officials doing absolutely nothing, the more I realized that no one in Senegal had the idea that a job means work. A job is something given to you by a relative. It provides the place where you steal everything to give back to your family. I couldn't wait to get home. So why would I want to bring Africa here? Non-Westerners do not magically become American by arriving on our shores with a visa. For the rest of my life, I enjoyed the greatest gift of the Peace Corps: I love and treasure America more than ever. I take seriously my responsibility to defend our culture and our country and pass on the American heritage to the next generation. African problems are made worse by our aid efforts. Senegal is full of smart, capable people. They will eventually solve their own country's problems. They will do it on their terms, not ours. The solution is not to bring Africans here. We are lectured by Democrats that we must privilege third-world immigration by the hundred million with chain migration. They tell us we must end America as a white, Western, Judeo-Christian, capitalist nation  to prove we are not racist. I don't need to prove a thing. Leftists want open borders because they resent whites, resent Western achievements, and hate America. They want to destroy America as we know it. As President Trump asked, why would we do that? We have the right to choose what kind of country to live in. I was happy to donate a year of my life as a young woman to help the poor Senegalese. I am not willing to donate my country. <N> Personal relationships with much of Washington - Obama is frighteningly weak. Last week, I asked a member of the Senate if he knows of anyone who really knows Obama . He said he does not. Washington is thick with stories about Obama's insularity and distance. We hear how he does not listen to criticism - he sometimes just walks out of the room... President Barack Obama looks so warm and friendly on the podium. In Washington he's known as someone who actually dislikes people in person. He's possibly the only politician in the world who plays golf only with his aides. Obama's personal coldness and arrogance are in complete contrast with his media image of the candidate who empathizes with ordinary people. In reality, he can't even offer human warmth to grieving parents. Obama's coldness shocked and hurt the families of the men killed in the 9/11 al-Qaeda attack in Benghazi. Sean Smith's mother: They all came up to me and talked to me and everything. I cried on Obama's shoulder. And he -- then he'd kind of looked off into the distance. So that was worthless to me. Tyrone Wood's father: What happened was he [Obama] came through there kind of after everyone else had been in the room circulating and he came over and shook my hand ... a whiney little voice, "I'm sorry." I could tell by his voice he wasn't even sorry. It would be like a little kid that is told by the teacher to go apologize to Johnny ...When he looked at me, his face was pointed towards me but he couldn't look me in the eye. He was looking over my shoulder. And like I say... literally like shaking hands with a dead fish. I did not believe him at all as far as his being sorry. The father of fallen Marine Joseph Logan is upset at the condolence form letter he received from President Obama, delivered by a UPS truck driver almost a full five months after his son's remains were brought home from Afghanistan. The father, Tom Logan, experienced Obama's form letter as profoundly disrespectful: "It opened up a wound, a hole in our heart, that you can't fix." The 22 men from SEAL Team Six were killed three months after they took out Osama bin Laden, due to President Obama's military rules of engagement that denied them air cover in a pitched battle out of fear that there might be a civilian in the building the jihadis were firing from. It was a historic loss of American lives in a single battle in the war on terror. Their parents, too, received form letters. In contrast, President Bush met privately with "more than 500 families of troops killed in action and with more than 950 wounded veterans ... outside the presence of the news media." The first lady (Laura Bush) said those private visits, many of which she also attended, took a heavy emotional toll ...."People say, 'Why would you do that?'" the president said in an Oval Office interview ... "And the answer is: This is my duty. The president is commander in chief, but the president is often comforter in chief, as well. It is my duty to be - to try to comfort as best as I humanly can a loved one who is in anguish. Obama's cold heart does not respond to people in anguish and need. He is not kind even to his own family. These are his closest relatives, people he's met personally on his visits to Kenya starting out as a young man, people about whom he wrote movingly in his fictionalized memoir, Dreams from My Father. When these relatives asked him for help for themselves and their village, Obama turned them down flat. His father's sister, Barack's Aunt Auma, lives by selling coal on the road outside her village and can't afford basic medical care. Obama once gave her $140 six years ago, and she is still hoping he'll help with her dental problems. The author of ObamaCare has no help for her, either. Barack Obama's very own half-brother, George Obama, lives in abject poverty, in a shack in a Nairobi slum. Yet it was not multimillionaire President Obama, but filmmaker Dinesh D'Souza whom George called for help when his son was sick in the hospital, telling D'Souza, "You are like a brother to me." "I have no one else to ask." Obama is almost as cold-hearted about sharing his wealth with unfortunate people in America through charitable giving. Americans are the most generous people on earth, with some exceptions. A typical middle-class American family give 3.5% of their income to charity. Multi-millionaires such as the Obamas and Romneys average 6%. The working poor give 4.5%, the most generous of all. Welfare poor (at the same income levels) give nothing. Before deciding to run for president -- that is, before their giving level would be of interest to voters -- the Obamas gave between 0.4% and 1% of their income to charity. This is closest to the giving level of people on welfare. At that time, State Senator Obama and Michelle were Harvard-educated lawyers, in professional jobs, with a combined income that put them among the top 10% of earners (that is, above $112,000). Michelle and Obama's combined earnings were $181,507 to $272,759 each year from 1998 to 2004. And they gave the same percentage single mothers on welfare give. The contrast between Obama and Romney leaves Obama looking even worse. Obama is running against one of the most charitable men in America. Mitt and Ann Romney gave an average of 14% of their income over a twenty-year period. In addition, they both have served others through prodigious levels of volunteer work, serving primarily ghetto youth, at-risk teenagers, inner-city girls, families with sick children, and fellow congregants. What charities did then-State Senator Obama and Michelle choose? They gave the most money to the Reverend Wright's hate-filled church. Their other choices: literacy, an African dance group, and CARE, a group that fights global poverty. The Obamas also illegally listed a $13,000 donation to the Congressional Black Caucus as a charity. Nice. Barack Obama had the biggest opportunity of his life, before ascending to the Oval office, to show his caring heart when he was hired to co-chair the Chicago Annenberg Challenge, meant to improve education for Chicago's children in the public school system. Obama was given control of nearly 100 million dollars to help children struggling to learn the reading and math skills they'd need to get jobs and make lives for themselves. His co-chair, and the man who hired him in 1995, was unrepentant terrorist Bill Ayers. This is the same Bill Ayers who Obama told Hillary Clinton in their 2008 primary "was a guy who lives in my neighborhood...not somebody who I exchange ideas from" (sic). Bill Ayers launched Obama's campaign for state senator in his house that same year, 1995. For Obama, charity clearly began by helping himself. Instead of giving the money to improve reading and math skills, Barack Obama and Ayers gave the 100 million dollars to left-wing causes and groups useful to Obama's political campaign. ACORN was a major beneficiary. So was the Developing Communities Project, run by Greg Galuzzo, Obama's first boss, who trained directly under Saul Alinksy. Ayers's "small schools movement" was funded. ... individual schools built around specific political themes push students to "confront issues of inequity, war, and violence." ... The point, says Mr. Ayers ... is to "teach against oppression," against America's history of evil and racism, thereby forcing social transformation. Obama's and Ayers's performance in helping poor schoolchildren with Mr. Annenberg's $100 million was measured. The schoolchildren they were supposed to help showed zero improvement. The Chicago School Superintendent blasted Obama for completely wasting the money. He accused Obama of working to undermine his own successful efforts to improve public education. There was a total lack of accountability. If you went back and asked, you'd be hard-pressed to find out how the money was spent. Very little of the money found its way directly into the classroom. The entire episode foreshadows Obama's use of the stimulus money as president, which was directed to reward his liberal backers, through grants to maintain bloated state benefits for government union workers and nonexistent green jobs, and did nothing to help the tens of millions of suffering people out of work. Once again, the money meant to help others was used by Obama to augment his political power. The nation has learned this to our sorrow. President Obama wants to save the world. Actual people? Not so much. The author was a Peace Corps Volunteer who served in Senegal, a clinical social worker and psychotherapist, and a mystery author whose novels highlighted the wildlife and peoples of Kenya. She currently writes for American Thinker. <N> Note to NeverTrumps: Trump's Character Is Admirable As more and more people who hate Trump are forced to admit his achievements as president, they are doubling down on character assassination. Even Trump voters often preface their satisfaction with Trump's actions by criticizing his tweets or his personality. Here's an alternate take on things: Trump's character is responsible for his outstanding performance in his first year as president. If you want to know who someone is, you look at what he does. What we have: a booming economy, growing jobs, more lawful governance, fewer regulations, more global security. What character traits this took: hard work, focus, commitment, courage, honesty, independence, incorruptibility, self-confidence, love of excellence. The list of Trump's positive character traits goes on and on. You don't get achievements independent of character. Here's another alternate approach: there's no need to point out that George Washington is a dead white male when you praise him as the father of our country. Who cares that Churchill drank too much when you are discussing his leadership in the fight against Hitler? We all understand perfectly well that we are all human, meaning we have faults. We don't need to apologize for President Trump. I think Trump's character is excellent. Trump's integrity in office is outstanding  the first politician in my memory who is sticking to his promises to voters. We are hugely benefiting from his promise-keeping. His primary promise was to focus on jobs. Wow, has he delivered. Jobless claims have dropped to the lowest level in 44 years  last seen in 1973, under Nixon. Record-breaking low unemployment in 13 states. Investment reinvigorating the Rust Belt. More high-paying jobs in mining, oil, and industry  another promise kept, as President Trump has unleashed the energy sector and boosted capital investment. Lazy, leftist, passive President Obama lectured us to accept the new normal of a stagnant economy, which was what his policies delivered. GDP growth was 1.6 percent in 2016. Passivity and defeatism are not in Trump's nature. He is a fighter who thinks big. He believes in free enterprise in his gut, because he is himself a go-getter. He thought big for the American economy, because he believes in Americans. Trump likes to say he completed his projects on time and under budget. It was a matter of pride for him. Pride can be a good thing. Trump was scoffed at as a braggart and buffoon for promising 3-percent growth. He has already over-delivered. The unemployment gap between blacks and whites has fallen to a record low. Trump promised the black community a better life in a better economy, and he has come through. Unemployment for hispanic Americans is the lowest in history. Another promise kept, as our hispanic citizens have benefited from Trump enforcing our border laws and driving farm wages up. Leftists are trying to credit the 2017 economic boom to Obama. Good luck with that. Trump boosted the economy through vigorous action: cutting regs, boosting the energy sector, restoring business confidence, dramatic corporate tax cuts, bringing back investments from overseas, and cutting job competition from illegal aliens. We now have a tight labor market, and wages are rising. Yes, for much of the year, Trump was doing a lot of jaw-boning and executive actions, with no legislative back-up. That's the trait called leadership. These economic achievements came from President Trump's character strengths. He is a high-focus, driven bulldozer of a man who gets things done. He's a practical man. He's a hard worker. These are not sophisticated or cultured or warm, fuzzy traits; they are traits of a strong man. We have forgotten to honor masculinity in our culture. President Trump did more than any president in history in his first year to relieve the regulatory burden on Americans. Complying with useless government regulations costs the economy $2 trillion a year, or 21% of the average payroll per American company. Estimates are that the Obama regs slowed the economy by 0.8%. Trump's regulatory cuts, in which his administration removed 22 outdated regulations for each new one, is a big part of his doubling our economic growth in one year. What did it take to cut the size of government and unleash the power of capitalism in this way? It was motivated not by conservative principles of small government. It was based in Trump's character. He is one hundred percent practical. He has a strong sense of fairness. He is fearless. He thrives on opposition. He has incredible guts and stubbornness, necessary to take on the federal bureaucracy. He doesn't give in when opponents fight dirty, and boy, does the Deep State fight dirty. He is not scared of the media's attacks on him as a monster destroying the planet and abandoning the poor. He is a creative and master fighter, as we see in the his effective use of tweets and branding to encourage his supporters and sow confusion among the enemy. Trump is characteristically unsuited to kowtow to the Deep State or to follow its methods. He does not flout the law in darkness, like the underhanded Barack Obama. Obama's DOJ and EPA created secret and illegal slush funds. The Democrat DOJ blackmailed the industries it was regulating in order to provide half a billion dollars to left-wing groups. The EPA used phony sue-and-settle tactics to hand undemocratic power to privileged leftist groups. In sharp contrast, Trump is not a sneak. He respects the rule of law. He honors the presidency. He is open and forthright. His administration has turned the DOJ and EPA back to following the laws as written. Obama was an unhealthy narcissist who had never accomplished anything in the real world, yet he boasted that he knew more about every topic than his top advisers. There is a business saying that A players hire A players, while B players hire C players. The mediocre surround themselves with lesser mediocrities. Obama undoubtedly did know more about foreign affairs than his right-hand national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, a speechwriter with a degree in creative writing. Trump is different. He is genuinely confident in himself. You can tell because he is not afraid of being surrounded by top experts. He expects them to know far more in their fields than he does. Trump's pride makes him seek excellence in others. He has created an impressive Cabinet and White House staff of brilliant achievers. You don't get effective results on the economy and foreign affairs without a high-quality leader. The importance of character to effectiveness cannot be overstated. Trump has other character traits of achievers. He is not discouraged by failures and mistakes; he learns from them. He doesn't just set goals; he follows up on results. He faces reality. Trump does not see Americans in different categories. He cares about all Americans, black, white and brown; rich, middle-class, and poor; city-dwellers and country-dwellers; New York sophisticates and Evangelicals. He values freedom and prosperity for himself and for the rest of us. He wants to do what is best for the country, not what is best for only some identity groups or some regions at the expense of others, as in Obama and Hillary's zero- sum game of identity politics. We barely survived eight years of a bigot in the White House: the resentful, racially obsessed President Obama, who disliked Evangelicals, rural Americans, working-class whites, white small businessmen, and Jews. At home, Obama purposefully stirred up racial hatred and violence for political gain. Abroad, Obama tried to hand over the Middle East to the Muslim Brotherhood and facilitate nuclear weapons for the mullahs as payback to America. Obama's race-baiting led to Americans dying  assassinations of our men in blue and innocent black victims of the resulting crime spree. He chose to destabilize Iraq, Syria, Egypt, and Libya, setting off an unprecedented war on Christians and a Muslim migrant invasion of Europe. Maybe I missed it, but I don't remember NeverTrumps criticizing Obama on character flaws. Obama's fantasist efforts to reduce American power and prestige, born of his anti-colonialist anger and resentment, were passed off to us as idealism and humanity. Obama had a weird Marxist mother who raised him to despise America, and he saw his father only once. He was an unhappy child, a confused teenager, and an angry, isolated college student filled with contempt for white people other than his fellow Marxists. Then he went to Harvard finishing school and became a secretive politician who never trusted himself to speak in public without a teleprompter. His false front hid a schemer and hater. Unlike our last president, President Trump is who he is. What you see is what you get. His candor is blunt and refreshing. He is not an ideologue, not a secret schemer, not a race-baiter, not a bitter person seeking payback. Trump had a close, loving relationship with his father. He has similar relationships with his own children. He is a happy warrior. Trump is honest in another sense, also: he is not corrupt. Indeed, he seems incorruptible. Trump does not sell himself to certain industries or lobbying groups (think the Clinton Foundation; think Obama's wasting the trillion-dollar economic stimulus on Solyndra green schemes and payoffs to Democrat voting blocs). President Trump is a unique politician  a free man. There's another set of admirable traits responsible for Trump's economic achievements. Trump is a warm, extroverted braggart, not a cold, withdrawn narcissist like Obama or a self-serving, power-hungry narcissist like Hillary Clinton. Although self-centered, Trump actually notices and cares about other people. His voters are real people to him, as he is real to them. Trump has softer, heart-centered virtues. His priority on growing the economy and job promotion comes from his love of ordinary people, working-class people of all colors and all regions, whom he sees as real human beings and treats with respect. What a relief after the cold and contemptuous President Obama, who cared about power, not people. Trump's compassion and insight into working people's lives are wonderful character traits, shared by few in his class. The president is also our commander in chief. How has Trump's character served him in this role? Trump's love of country and patriotism are dominant character traits. Trump thinks for himself instead of accepting stale, outworn policies that are politically safe to espouse but dangerous to our country. Trump has no time at all for pretense about our national security. These are unusual character traits, different aspects of being a strong man. Trump's personal qualities have resulted in the defeat of ISIS, our improved relations with the Saudis (now on board fighting terrorism and cooperating with Israel), restoration of our warm alliance with Israel, decertifying the odious Iran deal, and supporting the Iranian demonstrators against the mullahs. European countries are finally paying their NATO dues, illegal aliens invading our country are being stopped at the border, the H-1B visa system is being applied lawfully to protect American jobs, and terrorists are no longer welcome into the country. Trump is in the process of bullying the Chinese and the U.N. and South Korea into more effective action against North Korea, resulting last week, for example, in the confiscation of tankers breaking the oil embargo. Pace Bret Stephens, the ability to bully opponents is something you want in a president. Thanks to his fearless and clear-sighted character, we finally have a president who will not allow North Korea or Iran to have nuclear weapons. Those of us who see that this is vital for national security are deeply grateful to have a strong president. Trump has an abundance of character strengths as a tough guy  he is brave, he is assertive, he is an experienced fighter, and he always goes on offense. He uses punishments and threats and intimidation, as well as cooperation and rewards, to get things done, because that is what it takes to win, and he wants to win. He is unpredictable and keeps his opponents off balance. He is impervious to their outrage. He is a fierce fighter against all who attack him or his family or his country. NeverTrumps are allergic to Trump's aggressive masculinity. This is not a matter of hating his style. They honestly see the man as evil. His commonsense thinking, bold methods, and blunt personality are toxic to them  never smart, never constructive, never heroic, never associated with his achievements. They are so blinded by their own hatred that they see Trump as a dangerous monster. They accept outright lies and miss the real man entirely. In a mere 800-word column, Bret Stephens, conservative columnist for the New York Times, managed to call Trump, in Stephens's own words, a lying, bullying, bigoted, ignorant, crass, petty, paranoid incompetent; a disgrace; an intemperate, dishonest demagogue who requires debased toadyism from his White House and Cabinet; a man who humiliates, denigrates, and insults his own officers and agencies, who is comparable to Juan Pern and Hugo Chvez and a deviant. Stephen talks of the irremediable "stain of [Trump's] person," Trump's violence, his cult of strength (as in dictatorship), his disdain for truth, his hostility toward high culture, his conspiratorial thinking, and his white identity politics. In the midst of the hysterical name-calling, Stephens doesn't point to a single bigoted word or action by Trump. He can't. There is none. The accusations are partisan nonsense. In Stephens's alternate universe, Trump's evident competence, his love, respect, and commitment to help his fellow Americans, goes invisible, and we are left with a racist, fascist caricature born of leftist agitprop. Bret Stephens and his fellow NeverTrump elitists remind me of the British aristocracy in the 18th century. These rich, powerful do-nothings monopolized political power and contemptuously demeaned the merchants, financiers, and industrialists who were making their country (and them) rich, powerful, and safe while improving ordinary peoples' lives  but their manners were ill bred! They worked for a living. They hadn't gone to the right schools. Not suited for polite society. It is a sorry reflection on our polite society that they are having conniption fits over Trump's character. They want to divide the man from his achievements, just as they successfully divided Obama from his failures. Can they succeed in besmirching Trump's character as they succeeded in sanitizing Obama's? Their megaphone is large, and their self-interest in supporting the status quo ante is strong. They have a ready-built audience. They have enlisted enemies within our own Republican camp. We have Trump. We are winning. <N> When I was growing up on a farm in Illinois all six of us kids (I was the youngest) waited for the Saturday Evening Post to arrive in Wednesdays mail so wed have stories to read over the weekend. After dinner, whichever of my three sisters was washing the dishes that night would prop a book up against the kitchen window so she could read as she scrubbed. Since my job was to dry, I couldnt pull off that trick. But I loved books too, and before I learned to read, my oldest sister would read to me whatever Jane Austen or Bront novel she had gotten from the village library. We read so many books, in fact, that soon my older siblings had gone through everything deemed age appropriate by the librarian, Mrs. Butterfield. So one day she refused to let my sister Eileen check out the book shed chosen. My mother, an . . . <N> Here is an interview I did when my books came out on Kindle for Omnimystery News. I hope it answers all your questions. Omnimystery News: How did you go about writing your first novel, "Deadly Safari"? Karin McQuillan: I was looking for a new hobby to balance out my work as a psychotherapist,. I was an avid mystery reader, and I had two subjects I very much wanted to write about - Africa and wildlife. I'd been in the Peace Corps, and just come back from a wildlife safari, which was a joyful experience, and thought it would be fun to put all those things together. My only problem was that I had never written anything and didn't have a clue how to write a mystery - so first I had to learn how to write. Omnimystery News: How much research did you have to do? I was in the Peace Corps in West Africa, and then went to Kenya three times on safari. I read hundreds of books on Africa - culture, history, wildlife, anthropology, fiction. And I subscribed to the Nairobi daily paper, to get detailed local color. As a result, I had Americans who actually do live in Kenya ask me how many years I lived there. I've had an outfitter ask me how long I was an outfitter. The best compliment - a Kikuyu medical student who read my books wrote a complimentary letter asking, 'How do you understand us so well?" The facts about Africa in my book are as accurate as I can make them - I actually had the last three books fact-checked by Lynn Leakey, an American safari guide who married into the famous Leakey family in Kenya, who became a great fan of the series. Omnimystery News: Did you just sit down and start writing? Karin McQuillan. I stared at the blank page and didn't have a clue how to begin. I realized I needed help. I signed up for a basic learn how to write class in my local Adult Ed program, which happened to be at Harvard University. By great good luck the professor was one of my favorite college literature profs from Brandeis. He taught a very nuts and bolts course, with the craft of writing broken down into elements with very specific exercises to practice. I still remember the first assignment. It was to describe someone asking for directions to Harvard Square in a two sentence conversation. We had to write it three times, each time changing who was asking and who was asked - it could be a male student asking an old lady, asking a pretty girl, asking another guy, for example. You couldn't describe the characters - you had to communicate who they were entirely by voice, that is, word choice and speech rhythm. It was a fantastic introduction to the art of writing. Because I had no pride involved, learning was a great experience - I didn't expect myself to know how to create a character, set a scene, develop a plot, create suspense and tension. So I was very happy to drill and practice each skill, like any other craft. I handed in a chapter each week as my writing assignment, and had a first draft by the end of the that year. The I rewrote Deadly Safari three more times, with the help of a terrific, very demanding writers group. Omnimystery News: In what ways was your writers' group helpful? Karin McQuillan: I couldn't have written any of the books without it. We were half a dozen women, and we stayed together for twenty years - the small size and the commitment to each other creates a lot of trust, so we could be very tough but supportive. Too many writers' groups I've been in since are kind of babyish, just exchanging of compliments, as if writers are too fragile to take criticism. Or they don't work hard enough on each other's work - just listen to it read and on the spot, say the first thing that comes to your mind. In my beloved first group, we met once a month and each handed out a chapter to be discussed the following meeting. Each of would read and mark in detail everyone else's chapter, and have time to think about it. So the feedback was very useful. Most of us ended up getting published, because we developed a professional attitude of demanding a lot of ourselves. Omnimystery News: Was getting published hard? Karin McQuillan: It took me one try to get an agent and six weeks to have St. Martin's say yes to Deadly Safari. The main ingredient was luck. My timing was perfect. Sue Grafton had just led the way with her successful female P.I. and publishers were looking for women authors with strong women sleuths. Omnimystery News: How were your books publicized? You got an extraordinary number of quotes and reviews for a first novel. Good question The hard part was what came after being published- getting publicity was entirely up to lowly authors like me. The publicity department at Ballantine, which was my paperback publishers, actually hated my doing anything on my own behalf, which they considered a nuisance. I got a quote from Elmore Leonard saying "I like the sound of your writing. You obviously know what you're doing." They never used it. They chose a quote from Tony Hillerman for the cover, which was great, but to deep six praise like that from the master of voice, Elmore Leonard? It was hard to cope with them and keep your spirits up. I got the author quotes myself, and also sent out my book to reviewers. Omnimystery News: You got an extraordinary number of quotes and reviews for a first novel. Of course, I was thrilled to get so many great reviews, from the Washington Post to Mystery News. Being nominated for an Edgar and talking at Bouchercon in London was a great honor and very thrilling. I was up against Patricia Cornwell, who had just written her first book and carried away the prize. Omnimystery News: You created a detective duo, Inspector Omondi from the Nairobi homicide division and safari guide Jazz Jasper. Were they based on actual people you met in Kenya? Karin McQuillan: I tried to create two main characters that I liked, faults and all, and that my readers would like. As a psychotherapist, I enjoyed giving Jazz some love problems she has to solve. She grows and evolves over the course of the four books. The characters are composites of people I've met and imaginary personality traits and life history that I enjoyed putting together. I discovered that one of the great pleasures in fiction is the creative part of making up a character - giving them a history, a personality, dreams, drives, strengths and weaknesses, and trying to make them come alive on the page. Yes, of course you think of actual people, or more than one person, and you mine some of your own memories. Then you throw in traits you enjoy imagining that you aren't blessed with - great courage, or a sense of humor. Omnimystery News: Tell us how you came to set your mystery series in Kenya. Karin McQuillan: Africa occupied a big part of my imagination from the time I was a toddler. My Dad was a combat photographer in WWII, where he was trained as a cinematographer. Back in the States, he couldn't get into the union, and was struggling to make a living. Things were pretty desperate with two little girls at home, so when he got a job offer to spend 6 months in Kenya making a wildlife documentary, he jumped at it. I must have missed him terribly. It was all the more thrilling when he returned to us and entertained by sister and me for the rest of our childhood with his many stories of adventures among the animals in the wilds of Kenya. Three weeks after graduating from Brandeis I was in Senegal with the Peace Corps, where I ran a community center in a village down near the Guinee border, where we could hear shelling at night from their civil war. My partner freaked out after six weeks and left, and I was on my own, making African friends. I visited villages where I was the first white woman people had seen; witnessed female circumcision; traveled by dugout canoe; danced to drums in the moonlight; saw a baby born while 'the devil' danced outside. Omnimystery News: How soon after the Peace Corps did you write Deadly Safari? Eventually I settled on a career as a clinical social worker, which channeled my desire to help people, and had a private practice doing psychotherapy. Writing was the furthest thing from my mind. When I wanted to really relax, I loved to read classic British and American mysteries. My husband and I came to love the natural world more and more, which we especially enjoyed on a salt marsh in Cape Cod. Our interest in wildlife led to a photo safari to Kenya. Because of my confidence from Peace Corps days, instead of going with a group, we rented a car and drove around the national parks and rural roads ourselves, which led to many adventures and fun encounters with people and wildlife. The trip was so fantastic I wanted to relive the memories. Then I realized I had the key to communicate my love of Africa: put my intimate African perspectives into a fun, page-turning mystery. I could have a detective duo - a black city slicker cop and an American woman running a safari company. I could weave my deeper understanding of Africans into the story background, mine my adventures for plot ideas, and lend the book some of my childhood love of romantic adventure novels. The result was Deadly Safari and the three books that followed. <N> This past week our Idiot in chief made a statement about not letting people from El Salvador, Haiti, and Africa into America. His exact words were: why are we having all these people from shithole countries come here? The clapback was quick as his statement is extraordinary offensive. But you know, I think a lot of people seem to share Trumps thoughts. At least in their head. So many people cant understand how I could go volunteer in Burkina Faso. Apparently, it also makes me really selfless and brave. Spoiler, Im not. The way people speak to me about my time in the Peace Corps, well, its like Im some white savior marching in. Does their culture have strong work ethics? I mean, come on. Americas work ethic isnt the way we got rich. Burkina Faso might be one of the poorest countries in the world. It might have famines. It might have security issues. It might have malaria problems. But Burkina Faso is definitely not a shithole country. I dont really have words to tell you how special my home was for 3 months. Houses were small and they didnt have electricity. But people innovated. We had solar lamps. Everyone in the village would come by to watch TV at night. And the stars were incredible. The first time I came out at night I just stood there, looking up at them. My mama laughed and laughed. You cant see the night sky in America? Not like this. My mama just laughed longer. My mama took care of me. She made me dinner. She showed me how to wash my clothes. She would laugh her huge booming laugh and gossip with the other women of the village. And she was always laughing at me and the crazy things her American would do. She called me her little baby. Because I couldnt do anything. She nervously looked over me when I was sick. And whenever I had new clothes made she would hug me and say, ohhhhh. My baby is so pretty. I remember her taking me to a school dance. Youll do the dance of the nasara right? She joked mischievously. Except for it wasnt a joke. At one point in the night a group of children circled me, jumping around me with their hands held so I couldnt escape. Dance Phyllis, dance. I was shocked they all knew my name. My mom just looked on and started dancing around me. I went to get my friend Ashley. And I was led to her house in the pitch black by a group of kids. My little friend who helped my Mom was there-Maniceda. I tended to avoid the village children whenever I could. If you showed just one of them kindness or interest you would end up followed by a pack of them wherever you went. Including your room. And they were wild. But Maniceda was different. She would just look at me and grin and grin. And I loved it. Every time I saw her I would stop and wave and talk to her. We were special friends. One time, I was trying to bring water to our garden. I managed to pump it fine. But balancing the bucket on top of my head was hard. Maniceda thought I was crazy. She took it off my head and carried it back to my families compound herself. This little skinny girl was stronger than I. I would give her moon pies when I could. I would do anything to keep that beautiful smile on Manicedas face. My special friend indeed. Zorro was filled with these small interactions every day. A lot of the village didnt speak French. But I would say the one word in local lang I knew and just repeat it. Oh le le le le. The village women would crack up. My mom wrote down local lang words she translated into French so I could attempt to hold out small conversations. It never worked but everyone loved me for trying. Oh le le le le. Everyone I passed in the village was smiles, greetings, and laughter. They loved having us and watching over us. We were there special guests. Our lives all woven together. Everyone in Zorro met under a ginormous rooty tree. Village meetings. Us. We would take our mats and have French class. We would discuss with the Peace Corps staff. It was shady and cool. Our group had small little get togethers there where we would hang out and drink crates of sangria. Chickens, goats, and small children would continuously walk through. We named it. The big tree. The tree of life. We would set up mats and have French lessons under the tree. No, never inside. We were always outside in the Peace Corps. Perhaps in gazebos. Or outside arenas that were covered for the rain. Or under a tree eating at a caf. Biking back and forth between village to village. We were always outside, under the sun. I miss the Peace Corps. I miss the friends I made there. I miss the family that took care of me there. I miss biking everywhere. No, Burkina Faso is not a shithole country. Its a country rich in culture and friendships and relationships. And I am not a selfless or brave person for going there. My life has been enriched from this country and the Burkinabe who live there. We would be so lucky to have Burkinabe come to America. <N> Toy Story Land at Disney's Hollywood Studios "unboxed" on June 30, 2018. My friend and I decided to brave the crowds on opening day. We got to the park around 7 AM only to find out that the park opened around 6 AM. Upon some more scrolling through multiple Disney Annual Passholder Facebook groups, we discovered that people were waiting outside the park as early as 1 AM. We knew we'd be waiting in line for the bulk of the Toy Story Land unboxing day. There were four main lines in the new land: the line to enter the land; the line for Slinky Dog Dash, the new roller coaster; the line for Alien Spinning Saucers, the easier of the new rides in the land; Toy Story Mania, the (now old news) arcade-type ride; and the new quick-service restaurant, Woody's Lunchbox (complete with grilled cheese and "grown-up drinks"). Because we were so early, we did not have to wait in line to get into the land. We decided to ride Alien Spinning Saucers first. The posted wait time was 150 minutes, but my friend timed the line and we only waited for 50 minutes. Next, we tried to find the line for Slinky Dog Dash. After receiving conflicting answers, the runaround, and even an, "I don't know, good luck," from multiple Cast Members, we exited the land to find the beginning of the Slinky line. We were then told that there was only one line to enter the park that eventually broke off into the Slinky line. We were not about to wait to get back into the area we just left, so we got a Fastpass for Toy Story Mania that we didn't plan on using in order to be let into the land sooner. We still had to wait for our time, so we decided to get the exclusive Little Green Man alien popcorn binthis took an entire hour. We then used our Fastpass to enter the land, found the Slinky line, and proceeded to wait for two and a half hours only for the ride to shut down due to rain. But we've come this far and rain was not about to stop us. We waited an hour, still in line and under a covered area, for the rain to stop. Then, we waited another hour and a half to get on the ride from there once it reopened (mainly because they prioritized people who missed their Fastpass time due to the rain). After that, we used the mobile order feature on the My Disney Experience app to skip part of the line at Woody's Lunchbox. Did you know that there is actually a psychological science to waiting? In the hospitality industry, this science is the difference between "perceived wait" and "actual wait." A perceived wait is how long you feel like you are waiting, while the actual wait is, of course, the real and factual time you wait. There are eight things that affect the perceived wait time: unoccupied time feels longer than occupied time, pre-process waits feel longer than in-process waits, anxiety makes waits feel longer, uncertain waits are longer than certain waits, unexplained waits are longer than explained waits, unfair waits are longer than equitable waits, people will wait longer for more valuable service and solo waiting feels longer than group waiting. Our perceived wait time for Alien Spinning Saucers was short because we expected it to be longer. Our wait for the popcorn seemed longer because it was unoccupied and unexplained. Our wait for the rain to stop so the ride could reopen seemed shorter because it was explained. Our wait between the ride reopening and getting on the coaster seemed longer because it felt unfair for Disney to let so many Fastpass holders through while more people waited through the rain. Our entire wait for Slinky Dog Dash seemed longer because we were not told the wait time in the beginning. Our wait for our food after placing a mobile order seemed shorter because it was an in-process wait. We also didn't mind wait long wait times for any of these experiences because they were new and we placed more value on them than other rides or restaurants at Disney. The people who arrived at 1 AM just added five hours to their perceived wait Some non-theme park examples of this science of waiting in the hospitality industry would be waiting at a restaurant, movie theater, hotel, performance or even grocery store. When I went to see "Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom," the power went out in the theater right as we arrived. Not only did we have to wait for it to come back and for them to reset the projectors, I had to wait in a bit of anxiety because the power outage spooked me. It was only a 30-minute wait but felt so much longer. At the quick-service restaurant where I work, we track the time from when the guest places their order to the time they receive their food. Guests in the drive-thru will complain about 10 or more minute waits, when our screens tell us they have only been waiting four or five minutes. Their actual wait was the four or five minutes that we track because this is when they first request our service, but their perceived wait begins the moment they pull into the parking lot and join the line because this is when they begin interacting with our business. While in line, they are experiencing pre-process wait times; after placing the order, they experience in-process wait times. Establishments in the hospitality industry do what they can to cut down on guests' wait times. For example, theme parks offer services like Disney's Fastpass or Universal's Express pass in order to cut down the time waiting in lines so guests have more time to buy food and merchandise. Stores like Target or Wal-Mart offer self-checkout to give guests that in-process wait time. Movie theaters allow you to check in and get tickets on a mobile app and some quick-service restaurants let you place mobile or online orders. So why do people still get so bent out of shape about being forced to wait? On Toy Story Land unboxing day, I witnessed a woman make a small scene about being forced to wait to exit the new land. Cast Members were regulating the flow of traffic in and out of the land due to the large crowd and the line that was in place to enter the land. Those exiting the land needed to wait while those entering moved forward from the line. Looking from the outside of the situation as I was, this all makes sense. However, the woman I saw may have felt that her wait was unfair or unexplained. She switched between her hands on her hips and her arms crossed, communicated with her body language that she was not happy. Her face was in a nasty scowl at those entering the land and the Cast Members in the area. She kept shaking her head at those in her group and when allowed to proceed out of the land, I could tell she was making snide comments about the wait. At work, we sometimes run a double drive-thru in which team members with iPads will take orders outside and a sequencer will direct cars so that they stay in the correct order moving toward the window. In my experience as the sequencer, I will inform the drivers which car to follow, they will acknowledge me and then still proceed to dart in front of other cars just so they make it to the window maybe a whole minute sooner. Not only is this rude, but it puts this car and the cars around them at risk of receiving the wrong food because they are now out of order. We catch these instances more often than not, but it still adds stress and makes the other guests upset. Perhaps these guests feel like their wait is also unfair or unexplained, but if they look at the situation from the outside or from the restaurant's perspective, they would understand why they need to follow the blue Toyota. The truth of the matter is that your perceived wait time is always going to be longer than your actual wait time if you can't take a minute to focus on something other than yourself. We all want instant gratification, I get it. But in reality, we have to wait for some things. It takes time to prepare a meal. It takes time to experience a ride at a theme park that everyone else wants to go on. It takes time to ring up groceries. It takes patience to live in this world. So next time you find yourself waiting, take a minute to remember the difference between perceived and actual wait times. Think about the eight aspects of waiting that affect your perceived wait. Do what you can to realize why you are waiting or keep yourself occupied in this wait. Don't be impatient. That's no way to live your life. <N> (On Friday, the National Peace Corps Association released the following statement in the aftermath of news reports pertaining to President Trump's Thursday comments on U.S. immigration policy) Last week, National Peace Corps Association praised President Trump for his excellent nomination for Peace Corps Director. Today, however, we are obliged to take exception to the disparaging remarks apparently made in reference to the countries - and therein the citizens - which our Peace Corps community has embraced and adopted as our second homes. Since 1961, nearly 90,000 Peace Corps Volunteers served  and continue to serve - nations in Africa. More than 500 served in Haiti, while nearly 2,500 volunteers served in El Salvador. What we know better than most through living and working side-by-side with the people of these countries is that the vast majority of them are overwhelmingly generous, highly resourceful, extremely hardworking and tremendously resilient. At the same time, Returned Peace Corps Volunteers regularly work with immigrant communities from these and other countries, and understand these traits  which are imported to our shores - strengthen the fabric and traditions of the uniquely American melting pot. As our President and our policymakers conduct important deliberations on our nations immigration policies, let us raise up the level of discourse and debate. Let us bring the world home to Americas classrooms, civic groups and communities, doing our part to create a greater understanding of other people on the part of our own. <N> CLAIM When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding to support the war effort, he replied: Then what are we fighting for? RATING ORIGIN In January 2017, a popular story about Winston Churchill reappeared in meme form after reports that U.S. President Donald Trump planned to cut funding to the National Endowments for the Arts and Humanities. The anecdote goes as follows: The prime minister was once asked to cut funding for art programs in order to support the war effort. Churchill refused, according to the story, and said that preserving the arts was the only reason that the war was worthwhile. Churchills exact quote varies depending on where you encounter the story (a hint at its apocryphal nature), but when it became a meme, Churchills purported response was a short question: Then what are we fighting for? This alleged quotation was raised some few years ago in the Village Voice and is all over the web, but it is not among Churchills 15 million published words in speeches, papers, letters, articles or books. However, there is no record of Churchill saying this. Historian Richard Langworth addressed this rumor in a 2009 blog post , claiming that the quote actually originated in the Village Voice the year before: A spokesman for the International Churchill Society confirmed to us that the quote was fake, but added that Churchill did express a similar sentiment about the importance of the arts in 1938: <N> When I became director of CIA, I kept my Steelers season tickets. It really wasnt a hard choice. My wife and I and the security detail willingly braved the Pennsylvania Turnpike for the nine-hour round trip to Pittsburgh since, no matter what was going on in Washington, when we settled into our seats at Heinz Field all that mattered for three hours was what happened between those white lines. Its been that way on fall Sundays for me for more than 60 years. Until Sunday, when the ugly side of American politics intruded into my fall eden. I blame some of that on Colin Kaepernick, the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback who last year began to protest social injustice and police brutality by sitting or taking a knee during the pregame national anthem. His comments on America were a bit more dystopian than I thought was warranted, and I wasnt enthusiastic about turning a unifying and celebratory moment for most Americans into a venue for protest. ADVERTISEMENT Until last Friday. And then President Trump Donald John TrumpWSJ: Trump ignored advice to confront Putin over indictments Trump hotel charging Sean Spicer ,000 as book party venue Bernie Sanders: Trump 'so tough' on child separations but not on Putin MORE, before a red-hot Alabama crowd of his political base, decided to treat the SOBs who wouldn't stand for the anthem the way he has previously treated other groups like Mexicans (murderers and rapists), intelligence professionals (Nazis), immigrants (deeply unfair), refugees (dangerous) and Muslims (they hate us). When in political stress, attack the other  those dark forces that allegedly threaten our way of life  and pay no attention to the lack of legislative progress on ObamaCare or anything else, a careening crisis with a nuclear North Korea or the destruction of civilized life on an island territory of the United States. For extra measure, the president claimed that the NFL was ruining the game with recent rule changes to prevent or reduce player injury: Today, if you hit too hard, 15 yards, throw him out of the game! To paraphrase Abraham Lincoln, President Trump does not instinctively appeal to the better angels of our nature. The NFL  players, coaches, staff, ownership and league officials  had to make decisions quickly. Sundays kickoffs were less than 40 hours away when the president walked off that stage in Huntsville. Nearly half of the NFL would be getting on planes in less than 12 hours. There were tough choices to make: respect for the flag, respect for the anthem, respect for your teammates, respect for justice, respect for your fans, respect for free speech. The president had created what logicians call a false dilemma, that support for free speech or for teammates equated to disrespect for flag, anthem or country. And he did it for political advantage. My Steelers rejected the false dilemma. They concentrated on unity and focus. They were in Chicago to play football. Head coach Mike Tomlin said, We're not going to play politics. We're football players, we're football coaches. We're not participating in the anthem today, not to be disrespectful to the anthem, but to remove ourselves from the circumstance. So the team did not go out onto the field for The Star-Spangled Banner. Several coaches (including Tomlin) did go out to represent the organization. Alejandro Villanueva  starting left tackle, West Point graduate, decorated Army ranger  broke consensus slightly to appear at the mouth of the tunnel with his hand over his heart, but several players have already said they understood Villanuevas unique circumstances. Pittsburgh is a patriotic town. There was a lot of anger about the Steelers not showing up. But I believe that everyone on the Steelers did the right thing. They were dealt a bad hand and played it as best they could. Or, more accurately, they tried not to play. And the dealer here was President Trump. A week ago, a handful of NFL players protested in one form or another. On Sunday, three full teams did not go out for the anthem, almost all players and coaches locked arms, and more than 200 in the NFL knelt, sat or otherwise demonstrated their displeasure. And, to be specific, their displeasure was largely with President Trump and what he had said about them, their teammates and their rights. Forced again to defend the indefensible, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Monday said the presidents Huntsville stand was about honoring the men and women who fought to defend the flag. As a 39-year military veteran, I think I know something about the flag, the anthem, patriotism, and I think I know why we fight. Its not to allow the president to divide us by wrapping himself in the national banner. I never imagined myself saying this before Friday, but if now forced to choose in this dispute, put me down with Kaepernick. Gen. Michael Hayden is a former director of the CIA and the National Security Agency, and a visiting professor in the Schar School of Policy and Government at George Mason University. <N> Donald Trump gave one of his signature stream of consciousness speeches in Hunstville on Friday night as he tried to get out the vote for embattled Alabama Republican senator Luther Strange. During an address inside the Wernher Von Braun Center that lasted an hour and 20 minutes, the president called North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un Little Rocket Man, said NFL owners should cut players who kneel for the national anthem and returned to familiar targets like John McCain and Hillary Clinton. Dotard or Rocket Man  who said what in the Trump v Kim Jong-un war of words? Read more Strange is facing a runoff election on Tuesday for the GOP nomination to hold the seat he was appointed to in February. The former state attorney general was handed the seat after former senator Jeff Sessions was appointed attorney general by Trump. Strange is currently trailing in the polls against Roy Moore, an ardent social conservative who has twice been removed as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. The race has become a top priority for Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell and a superPAC affiliated with him will spend over $9m on Stranges behalf. The Alabama senator is seen as reliable vote for Republican priorities while Moore has mused about making homosexual conduct illegal and suggested that the terrorist attacks of 11 September may have been divine retribution for the United States turning away from God. The campaign has largely focused on McConnell. Moore has attacked the Senate majority leader as a creature of the swamp that Trump wishes to drain while Strange has tried to distance himself from the Kentucky Republican. Strange went as far as to assert in his brief introductory remarks on Friday night that Trump was backing him so that he could have the votes in the Senate to stand up to Mitch McConnell. The President later asserted that Strange didnt know the Senate majority leader. Trump repeatedly praised Strange and often calling the 69ft senator Big Luther. However, he did note that Moore, who has been backed by a number of prominent conservatives including former Trump aide Steve Bannon, was a good man and that he would campaign for him if the former chief justice won on Tuesday. Instead of direct criticism, Trump simply claimed Moore would a face a difficult general election in deep red Alabama. He said Moore has a very good chance of not winning a general election. Trump also dwelled on the political risk he was taking backing Strange, insisting that the media would attack him if the Alabama Republican lost. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Senator Strange prepares to introduce the President Trump during the rally in Huntsville. Photograph: Marvin Gentry/Reuters In between his praise of Strange, Trump touched on a smorgasbord of topics. He renewed his criticism of Kim Jong-un, whom he called both Rocket Man and Little Rocket Man and warning of the risk posed by North Koreas nuclear program and its recent threats to test a hydrogen bomb. Now hes talking about a massive weapon exploding over the Pacific Ocean, which causes calamity. Where the plume goes, so goes cancer, so goes tremendous problems. However, Trump confidently said Im going to handle it. Hours after John McCain torpedoed Republican hopes to repeal and replace Obamacare, Trump expressed his disappointment. He said McCains opposition was totally unexpected and terrible. He also chided the Arizona Republican for what he saw as hypocrisy. Repeal and replace, John McCain if you look at his last campaign its all about repeal and replace and thats fine, we still have a good chance [of repealing and replacing Obamacare. He described his attempts to court senators on health care, saying Im on the phone screaming at people all day long for weeks. Trump also returned to some of his favourite topics. He talked at length about the wall he hopes to build on the Mexican border, insisting it needed to be see-through. Trump said this was because drug dealers are currently using catapults to send 100 pound bags of drugs over the existing concrete wall and they are landing on peoples heads in the United States. He also responded the familiar cheers of lock her up directed at Hillary Clinton by telling the crowd you gotta speak to Jeff Sessions about that. The president also dwelled on NFL players who take a knee during the National Anthem in peaceful protest. He asked the crowd, Wouldnt you love one of the NFL owners when someone disrespects our flag, get that son of a bitch off the field right now. He told attendees, If you see it, leave the stadium, I guarantee things will stop. Since 2016, a number of African American NFL players have taken a knee during the National Anthem. It was spurred by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick who was the first to do so in protest what he saw as oppression of people of color. Several other players have since followed suit and it has sparked national controversy. Trumps visit to Alabama comes just four days before the primary runoff and only hours after Ben Carson, a member of Trumps cabinet, issued a quasi-endorsement of Moore. In a statement issued by Moores campaign, Trumps secretary of housing and urban development said Judge Moore is a fine man of proven character and integrity, who I have come to respect over the years. Carson did not explicitly endorse Moore though. Vice president Mike Pence, who will hold a rally for Strange in Birmingham, will follow Trump in Alabama on Monday. Moore is scheduled to hold an election eve rally with Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson. <N> Story highlights Brady locked arms with teammates during the national anthem on Sunday His comments are notable as he is a friend of the 45th president Washington (CNN) New England Patriots' quarterback Tom Brady said he believes President Donald Trump's comments about NFL players are "divisive" and on Monday said he supports those NFL players who are protesting during the national anthem. "Yeah, I certainly disagree with what (Trump) said. I thought it was just divisive," he told "Kirk and Callahan" on Boston's WEEI Monday in his most extensive comments on the subject. Brady customarily gives interviews to the station on Mondays following games. His comments are especially notable as he is a friend of the 45th President. Brady -- who locked arms with teammates during the national anthem on Sunday -- continued, "Like I said, I just want to support my teammates. I am never one to say, 'Oh, that is wrong. That is right.' I do believe in what I believe in. I believe in bringing people together and respect and love and trust. Those are the values that my parents instilled in me. That is how I try and live every day." Brady also told "Kirk and Callahan" that he thinks "everyone has the right to do whatever they want to do. If you don't agree, that is fine. You can voice your disagreement, I think that is great. It's part of our democracy. As long as it is done in a peaceful, respectful way, that is what our country has been all about." Read More <N> LeBron's response was perfect. Our President doesn't deserve any more intellectual engagement than what he got on Saturday morning from the best basketball player in the world. LeBron kept it short, honest, and accurate. He gave Trump exactly the respect he deserves. Steph Curry was good, too. That's how this began. On Friday afternoon he told ESPN's Rachel Nichols that he would vote against visiting the White House. Later, the Washington Post's Tim Bontemps asked him what it would mean to skip the White House visit, and Curry had this to say: "By acting and not going, hopefully that will inspire some change when it comes to what we tolerate in this country, what is accepted, and what we turn a blind eye toward. ... Were all trying to do what we can using our platforms, using our opportunities to shed light on that. ... I dont think us not going to the White House will miraculously make everything better, but this is my opportunity to voice that. Saturday, after a portion of Curry's Media Day comments aired on our government's new agenda-setter, Fox & Friends, Trump responded 20 minutes later rescinding Golden State's invitation to the White House. Great. I enjoyed what Curry had to say. His message was measured but firm. In the video of his answer you can see him carefully searching for the right words, and by the end, he captured exactly what it would mean to skip out on the White House, and why it's important. Curry has no illusions about magically solving our problems with one decision, but he understands there is real value in telling the world that the Trump presidencyas Curry put it, "what he's said, and what he hasn't said at the right times"will not be tolerated. And then LeBron came along to explain why this is intolerable, and it was flawless. "U bum" is the perfect way to capture everything Trump has been over the past nine months. "U bum" is what we needed this weekend. Because of course, sandwiched between Curry's statement Friday afternoon and LeBron's message to Donald Trump Saturday morning, there was a rally in Alabama. Trump spoke, and he addressed athlete activism directly: "Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects the flag, to say, 'Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. Out, he's fired. Fired!' You know, some owner is gonna do that. He's gonna say, 'That guy disrespects our flag. He's fired.' And that ownerthey don't know it. They don't know it. They're friends of mine, many of them. They don't know it, they'll be the most popular person for a week. They'll be the most popular person in the country. "When the NFL ratings are down massively, massively. The ratings are down massively. Now the number one reason happens to be that they like watching what's happening ... with yours truly. They like what's happening. Because you know today if you hit too hard: 15 yards! Throw him out of the game! They had that last week. I watched for a couple of minutes. Two guys, just really, beautiful tackle. Boom! 15 yards! The referee gets on television, his wife's sitting at home, she's so proud of him. They're ruining the game! They're ruining the game. That's what they want to do. They want to hit. They want to hit! It is hurting the game. "But do you know what is hurting the game more than that? When people like yourselves turn on the game and see players taking the knee when they're playing our great national anthem. The only thing you could do better is if you see it, even if it's one player, leave the stadium. I guarantee things will stop. Things will stop. Just pick up and leave. Not the same game anymore, anyway." NurPhoto/NurPhoto via Getty Images This was Trump at his Trumpiest. Calling for private employees to be fired and blurring ethical lines for the executive branch? Yes. Treating TV ratings as our culture's definitive metric for success? Of course. Always. Appealing to macho cliches that sound slightly off-kilter coming from him? Definitely. Only a weirdo would be out here calling an illegal hit "beautiful". Oh, and that vague misogyny where he mentions the referee's wife sitting at home? Again. Trump. Fake Macho Weirdo. And of course, all this came while he was mocking a group of predominantly black athletes seeking social justice, a message that alienates minorities and progressives while emboldening his white, rural supporters, all while cloaking itself in just enough patriotism to keep things from veering into overt racism. That was the Trumpiest part of the whole thing. I just hope everyone understands that this weekend of Presidential Hot Sports Takes was yet another example of the only thing this President actually does well. Trump is an expert at seizing on stories that will inflame both sides of the cultural divide. Two weeks ago it was ESPN, this week it's the NFL and NBA, and next week maybe it'll be Hollywood. The stories he amplifies are almost never related to policy or progress, because the man has nothing to sell on that front. If he's not overstating a threat from cultural elites and boldly promising to ignore their politically correct calls for decorum, Trump has almost nothing of value to offer anyone. Why else do you think anyone in the White House cared what Jemele Hill had to say? There is only one play in the Trump Presidency playbook: exaggerate the differences across our culture, divide us all, and trick supporters into resenting the opposition just enough to forget that Trump has accomplished nothing. Granted, it should be concerning to everyone that "making liberals angry" and "ridiculing the concept of oppression and social inequality" plays as well as it does with Trump's base. Likewise, while Trump picks pointless fights with Jemele Hill and NFL players and Steph Curry, it's easy to forget that the executive branch is supposed to play a critical role in government. Between incompetence and inattention, there will probably be brutal costs to our nation's infrastructure when all this is over. But those are bigger problems that will require complex, carefully calibrated responses. If the question is Trump, himself, we need not overthink it. He is a hustler with only one hustle, and not a single suit that actually fits. Steph Curry was right that his time in office should not be condoned, and if you're wondering why, LeBron James nailed this for everyone. Trump is here to make the whole country angrier, because that's the only way he knows how to succeed. The President is a bum. Visiting the White House used to be an honor, and it's not anymore. I can't wait until that changes. <N> An old controversy concerning the meaning of The Star-Spangled Banner re-erupted in August 2016 after NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick explained his refusal to stand during pre-game renditions of the national anthem as a protest against racial oppression. I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color, Kaepernick said in a statement posted on the National Football League web site. While the NFL stated in response that it recognizes the right of an individual to choose and participate, or not, in our celebration of the national anthem, Kaepernick was heavily criticized via social media, including by fellow players, former NFL quarterback Jeff Garcia among them: What happened 2 being a leader for your team, your family & the young people looking up to U? Appreciating the 1000s who have died for you?  Jeff Garcia Football (@JeffGarciaJGFA) August 28, 2016 Others came to Kaepernicks defense, citing what has been termed a celebration of slavery to be found in the lyrics of The Star Spangled Banner: Damn. Did not know this. The third verse of the U.S. national anthem literally celebrates the deaths of slaves. _LINKS_  Radley Balko (@radleybalko) August 28, 2016 The article cited by journalist Radley Balko in the above tweet quotes the rarely sung third stanza of the anthem (see below), noting that the phrase hireling and slave refers to black slaves hired to fight on the side of the British during the War of 1812: And where is that band who so vauntingly swore, That the havoc of war and the battles confusion A home and a Country should leave us no more? Their blood has washd out their foul footsteps pollution. No refuge could save the hireling and slave From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave, And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave Oer the land of the free and the home of the brave. There are historians (notably Robin Blackburn, author of The Overthrow of Colonial Slavery, 1776-1848, and Alan Taylor, author of American Blacks in the War of 1812), who have indeed read the stanza as glorying in the Americans defeat of the Corps of Colonial Marines, one of two units of black slaves recruited between 1808 and 1816 to fight for the British on the promise of gaining their freedom. Like so many of his compatriots, Francis Scott Key, the wealthy American lawyer who wrote The Star Spangled Banner in the wake of the Battle of Fort McHenry on 14 September 1814, was a slaveholder who believed blacks to be a distinct and inferior race of people, which all experience proves to be the greatest evil that afflicts a community. It goes without saying that Key did not have the enslaved black population of America in mind when he penned the words land of the free. It would be logical to assume, as well, that he might have harbored a special resentment toward African Americans who fought against the United States on behalf of the King. With that in mind, writes Jon Schwarz on the web site The Intercept, think again about the next two lines: And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave / Oer the land of the free and the home of the brave': The reality is that there were human beings fighting for freedom with incredible bravery during the War of 1812. However, The Star-Spangled Banner glorifies Americas triumph over them  and then turns that reality completely upside down, transforming their killers into the courageous freedom fighters. After the U.S. and the British signed a peace treaty at the end of 1814, the U.S. government demanded the return of American property, which by that point numbered about 6,000 people. The British refused. Most of the 6,000 eventually settled in Canada, with some going to Trinidad, where their descendants are still known as Merikins. In fairness, it has also been argued that Key may have intended the phrase as a reference to the British Navys practice of impressment (kidnapping sailors and forcing them to fight in defense of the crown), or as a semi-metaphorical slap at the British invading force as a whole (which included a large number of mercenaries), though the latter line of thinking suggests an even stronger alternative theory  namely, that the word hirelings refers literally to mercenaries, and slaves refers literally to slaves. It doesnt appear that Francis Scott Key ever specified what he did mean by the phrase, nor does its context point to a single, definitive interpretation. Key originally wrote The Star-Spangled Banner as a patriotic poem first published in a Baltimore newspaper shortly after the event that inspired it. Set to the tune of the popular English song To Anacreon in Heaven, it became an unofficial national anthem during the 19th century, was officially adopted as such by executive order of President Woodrow Wilson in 1916, and confirmed by Congress as the national anthem of the United States in 1931. <N> The 49ers game against the Rams was the last game of Week 1, so Colin Kaepernick was one of the final players to take a stand by kneeling during the national anthem. It was fitting that the quarterback capped off the weeks demonstrations, seeing as he was the one who launched the largest social justice protest the NFL has ever seen. But he was far from alone. Seventeen other players across the league joined him by kneeling or raising their fists during the playing of the national anthem before their games to draw attention to police brutality against minorities and spur conversations about social justice. The Seahawks Jeremy Lane opted to sit during the preseason, but joined in his teams demonstration of locking arms on Sunday instead. Here are a few striking photos that captured the moments. 1. Colin Kaepernick and Eric Reid, 49ers 2. Kenny Britt and Robert Quinn, Rams 3. Antoine Bethea and Eli Harold, 49ers More raised fists on both sidelines and of course Colin Kaepernick is kneeling along with Eric Reid. pic.twitter.com/X7Jj8AGCzR  Dr Cork Gaines (@CorkGaines) September 13, 2016 4. Brandon Marshall, Broncos 5. Jelani Jenkins, Arian Foster, Michael Thomas, and Kenny Stills, Dolphins 6. Jurrell Casey, Jason McCourty, Wesley Woodyard, Titans LB Poly alum @Jurrellc among those making a statement before today's games pic.twitter.com/OC5II3Zf1n  Mike Guardabascio (@Guardabascio) September 11, 2016 7. Martellus Bennet and Devin McCourty, Patriots Patriots Martellus Bennett and Devin McCourty raised their fists at the end of the National Anthem. pic.twitter.com/LhkEaAB2oC  SNF on NBC (@SNFonNBC) September 12, 2016 8. Marcus Peters, Chiefs 9. Jeremy Lane, Seahawks <N> ... for the lead Task Force into Kuwait. He retired from the U.S. Marine Corps achieving the rank of Colonel. He held command assignments in Marine reconnaissance, light armor reconnaissance, a Dutch Marine rifle company, a U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Beret) training company, as well as an Officer in charge of Special Operations Training Group for the Marines on the west coast. He served as an Analyst for the U.S. Army's Future Combat Systems at Boeing. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Domestic Energy Corp. until March 2008. Mr. Powers served as an Executive Officer of Eyemakers, Inc. He has been Chairman and Director of Homeland Security Technology Inc., since October 1, 2004. Colonel Powers is a graduate of Villanova University with a B.A. in Criminal Justice, an M.S. in Urban and Environmental Studies from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and an M.A. in National Security and Strategic Studies, Naval Warfare College, Newport, RI. Jeffrey A. Powers, USMC (Ret), HMSG has been Chief Executive Officer of Homeland Security Technology Inc., since October 1, 2004. Colonel Powers served as Chief Executive Officer of Homeland Security Group International, Inc. until March 2008. He is veteran of Operation Desert Shield/Storm where he commanded a 1,200-man Task Force into Saudi Arabia as part of the lead Marine Corps contingent in Desert Shield. He was decorated for valor while serving as Operations Officer <N> Most of those 32 died in accidents, away from the battlefield. But 11 died in the combat zone: killed in the flash of an exploding Scud missile, cut down by Iraqi troops or mistakenly fired upon by allied forces. Their stories are a snapshot of the 540,000 Americans who served in the Persian Gulf in the first major test of the all-volunteer military. Many of them had joined up with dreams of escaping the stifling confines of tiny rural towns or the wearying blight of ghettos. For some, life was inconceivable out of uniform; for others it was merely a way station on the route to college and a job. Six percent of the troops in the gulf were women, and never before had they played so significant a military role. Often they were so close to battle that the prohibition against women in combat seemed to exist only in the rule books. Army Specialist Cindy M. Beaudoin of Plainfield, Conn., killed when she stepped on a mine in southern Iraq, was one of them. Thoughts of death -- even thoughts of war -- seemed as distant as Vietnam when these young people joined the military. But today, whenever others boast of a dizzingly fast allied rout of Iraqi forces with few deaths, the families of these 11 have a quiet ache that reminds them otherwise. Specialist Beaudoin's parents, Paul and Phyllis Beaudoin, received their 19-year-old daughter's last letter the day after they learned she had been killed. "Pray for the young guys. They really need it," Specialist Beaudoin, a medical technician, wrote. "Sometimes I wonder if all these imminent deaths are worth what we are fighting for. I can't wait to get home and see everyone." They Enlist Escape, Tradition, Money for College Becoming a Marine was Lance Cpl. David T. Snyder's way of being someone special. Growing up in Kenmore, N.Y., a village north of Buffalo, he was an easygoing boy who did not excel in any sport or subject. But he never stopped trying. Advertisement Continue reading the main story "If he was playing baseball or street hockey, he may not have been the best player out there," his mother, Theresa, recalled. "But you knew he played with every ounce of strength he had." His fellow Marine, Lance Cpl. Ismael Cotto Jr., was no stranger to struggle, either. He came of age on the hard-scrabble streets of the South Bronx. Eager for brighter and broader horizons, he left college for the Marines when he turned 21, fulfilling an ambition that began as a child, when he and his brother fought mock battles with toy soldiers in the living room. Army Staff Sgt. William (Tom) Butts grew up in Stonington, Conn., joined the service and left the area shortly after high school. The "Hounds of Hell" "Tom was from a poor background," said Thomas W. Texeira 2d, a Hartford lawyer who served in the Army with Sergeant Butts. "His family was not well-educated and he saw the military as the best opportunity to provide for himself and his family." Staff Sgt. Harold P. Witzke 3d enlisted when he was a junior in high school, encouraged by a stepfather who had preceded him in the "Hounds of Hell" Battalion of the Second Armored Division and had been a member of the honor guard at the funeral of Gen. George S. Patton. He lived with his mother and stepfather in a cabin he helped build in Caroga Lake, N.Y., a tourist spot hard by factory towns in the Adirondacks. Army Pvt. Robert D. Talley had been a quietly ambitious youth who grew up in a working class Newark neighborhood. He followed a family tradition when he joined the Army last August, months after graduating from high school. But he was also determined to use the Army's educational benefits to reach his goal of becoming a doctor. A Kennedy Namesake Army Sgt. Patbouvier E. (Bobby) Ortiz -- born on the same day as his namesake, Patrick Bouvier Kennedy, President John F. Kennedy's son who died in infancy -- had more immediate concerns when he enlisted eight years ago. During his childhood, his mother, Hilda, was a battered wife who left her husband and wound up on the welfare rolls in Richmond Hill, Queens. When he enlisted, he did so to help the family, and he often taped $20 bills to his letters. Advertisement Continue reading the main story He also vowed to restore honor to the family name. When he was named non-commissioned officer of the month by his regiment last summer, he reminded his mother of her suffering during her first marriage. "Mama, look, I made it," he said to her. "I told you I'm going to honor that name as much as you hated it for 20 years." His achievements fueled an intense pride. His brother Enrique recalled how while on home leave last year, Bobby confronted a pack of youths harassing people at an East New York subway station. "Stop bothering people," he said, flashing his military identification card. "If you need help, come to me. I came from the ghetto, like you, but I made it. I'm a military man." They Ship Out So Few Expected To Go to War The military's recuitment ads tout school, skills and benefits. They never mention war. But for the soldiers and their families the bottom line of military life became inescapably clear last summer with the buildup of troops in the Persian Gulf. "It's a funny thing, but he told us that never in all his years of service did it occur to him there'd be a war," said Robert Miller, Sergeant Witzke's stepfather. "But we all definitely agreed that Saddam Hussein was a bad guy." When word of the buildup reached Corporal Cotto's family, they tried to talk him out of going overseas. One family member even suggested he go to Canada. But that was something he would not consider. "He couldn't run away from his job," his wife said. "He didn't want to go, but he thought he was doing the right thing." For reservists, whose military life is lived in weekend installments, the buildup was a jarring shock. Army Specialist Thomas G. Stone, of Jamestown, N.Y., joined to help make ends meet. He and his wife and daughter moved to Austin, Tex., last year for a job in a warehouse sales outlet. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Fearful of leaving his family alone in Texas if he was called up, they moved back to Jamestown. He left an artillery battalion for a water-purification unit that would presumably be stationed in the rear. "He never dreamed he'd have to go to war," said Sandra Miller, his mother in law. "Tom was very nervous and upset by it." Specialist Beaudoin admitted to a reporter from her local paper that she was also frightened. She had joined for money for college. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. But military service was also a way to make a point. "She was for the war," said her uncle, David Beaudoin. "She was for women in the service." 'No One Can Beat Us' Captain Fajardo was confident when he called his parents in August. "Don't worry, Papa," he told his father. "There is no one who can beat us." His mother, Sonia Santiago, pleaded with him: "Please don't come home a hero. Come home as my son. This country forgets its heroes." Army Pfc. Robert Curtis Wade of Hackensack may have had a premonition of his death. Before leaving, he called a cousin and asked for the numbers of all his relatives. His father, also named Robert, was uneasy, especially after hearing reports about the battle-hardened Iraqi Army. "I was afraid, I guess a lot more than he was," Mr. Wade said. "I figured they really had a job ahead of them." Their Letters Fear Creeps Up In the Long Wait Advertisement Continue reading the main story What many found once they got to the Gulf were days and weeks of anxious waiting for combat. When their units weren't practicing maneuvers or washing their clothes, they filled the time with volleyball, phone calls and letters home. "We've moved a little closer," Sergeant Witzke wrote his parents in February. "You can see the oil field fires and hear the bombs. Other than that, we are just sitting here." He was more direct in a letter to a fifth grader who had been his pen pal. "Even though we are not fighting yet, I do get scared," he wrote to Kim Roblee. "I know it's only a temporary thing, though." Private Wade, who arrived in mid-February, called home several times, complaining that he had yet to be assigned to a unit. Life in the desert, he said, "was like being out in the middle of the ocean, except all you could see was sand," his father, a World War II veteran, recalled. At the end of one phone call, he joked that he would "walk down this hill here and take a swim." 'Never Say Goodbye' But as time dragged on, the inevitability of a ground war became apparent. "Things here are very serious and going to get worse," Sergeant Ortiz wrote. In Saudi Arabia, Captain Fajardo reached the high point of his career when he was named company commander. Soon afterwards, he wrote to his sister about his men. "When I see those kids, I see my brother," he wrote. "They are not ready to die." Those faces haunted him. "I know my men are scared, and me too," he wrote. "But I am the commander and I can't show them that. "Whatever happens, I have no regrets and would do it all over again," he wrote home. "Because I am proud to serve the country that has given me, an immigrant, so much opportunity." Advertisement Continue reading the main story Private Talley wrote that the war had "strengthened his determination to become a doctor, to help ease other people's suffering," his grandmother Lou Ann Monroe said. He had been in Saudi Arabia only a week when he called to say goodbye. "They're sending me to the battlefront." "Never say goodbye," his grandmother told him. "Say so long." Her voice cracked at the memory. "But it was goodbye. We never heard from him again." Their Deaths Everyone Else Got a Hero Home The news reports now are filled with images of soldiers stepping off planes and into the arms of loved ones. And for Sandra Miller, Specialist Stone's mother-in-law, those images elicit a strong reflex. "I find myself looking for Tom," she said. For families and friends of those killed this is a time for funerals, for relishing memories -- and for raising questions. Those who were opposed to the war wonder why their loved ones had to die. Others remain perplexed about how their relatives did. Families of the three marines who were killed near Khafji, Saudi Arabia -- Sgt. Garett A. Mongrella of Belvidere, N.J., Corporal Snyder and Corporal Cotto -- still do not know if they were killed by the Iraqis or by "friendly fire" from allied forces. Corporal Cotto's wife, Maria Christina, does not believe she will ever know the truth. "I think they'll probably try to cover up what really happened," she said. But Corporal Snyder's family is not preoccupied with how it happened. "He died a hero and we're proud of what we stood for," his mother said. "He died in the line of duty. Whether it was friendly fire or hostile fire, it doesn't matter. He would have been proud, and that's what counts." 'We Need Peace Right Here' Advertisement Continue reading the main story Private Talley, the youngest American to die in the war, was also the victim of "friendly fire" when the commander of a helicopter battalion mistakenly fired into two U.S. armored vehicles. And even as his grandmother demands a full account of his death, she is hoping that the nation will focus on domestic problems driving blacks into the military in disproportionate numbers. "We have a crisis in homelessness, in crime, in drugs," Mrs. Monroe said. "We need peace right here in America." To some families the talk of parades and celebrations is upsetting. "I feel the city is throwing this in our face with this party," Corporal Cotto's brother, Carlos, said of New York's plans for a parade. "It's like a slap in the face." But others are happy for the families who are being reunited with their soldier-heroes. "I'm glad that they have something to celebrate," Private Wade's mother, Doris, said. "We all knew that in this war somebody wasn't coming back." For many families, the letters from the front continue to arrive even after they have buried their loved ones. John Mongrella has four unopened letters from his son, Sergeant Mongrella. "I'll get around to them, but I need time, just a little time," he said, his voice trailing to a whisper. "I'd like to open them on Memorial Day." After the funeral, Sergeant Mongrella's wife, Kimberly, returned to Iowa to find a letter he had written to her and their 18-month-old son Anthony four days before he died. "If my time should come, I just want it to be quick, short and sweet," he wrote. "Kim, if something should happen I understand after a while you will probably meet someone and marry again (maybe). "Kim, any man would want you. You are a good woman. I understand the world keeps turning, but please teach Anthony about me and what I was like. Don't let him forget about his father. Teach him to please be proud of me." <N> I don't like to talk about politics on Facebook-- political history is my job, after all, and you are my friends-- but there is an important non-partisan point to make today. What Bannon is doing, most dramatically with last night's ban on immigration from seven predominantly Muslim countries-- is creating what is known as a "shock event." Such an event is unexpected and confusing and throws a society into chaos. People scramble to react to the event, usually along some fault line that those responsible for the event can widen by claiming that they alone know how to restore order. When opponents speak out, the authors of the shock event call them enemies. As society reels and tempers run high, those responsible for the shock event perform a sleight of hand to achieve their real goal, a goal they know to be hugely unpopular, but from which everyone has been distracted as they fight over the initial event. There is no longer concerted opposition to the real goal; opposition divides along the partisan lines established by the shock event. Last night's Executive Order has all the hallmarks of a shock event. It was not reviewed by any governmental agencies or lawyers before it was released, and counterterrorism experts insist they did not ask for it. People charged with enforcing it got no instructions about how to do so. Courts immediately have declared parts of it unconstitutional, but border police in some airports are refusing to stop enforcing it. Predictably, chaos has followed and tempers are hot. My point today is this: unless you are the person setting it up, it is in no one's interest to play the shock event game. It is designed explicitly to divide people who might otherwise come together so they cannot stand against something its authors think they won't like. I don't know what Bannon is up to-- although I have some guesses-- but because I know Bannon's ideas well, I am positive that there is not a single person whom I consider a friend on either side of the aisle-- and my friends range pretty widely-- who will benefit from whatever it is. If the shock event strategy works, though, many of you will blame each other, rather than Bannon, for the fallout. And the country will have been tricked into accepting their real goal. But because shock events destabilize a society, they can also be used positively. We do not have to respond along old fault lines. We could just as easily reorganize into a different pattern that threatens the people who sparked the event. A successful shock event depends on speed and chaos because it requires knee-jerk reactions so that people divide along established lines. This, for example, is how Confederate leaders railroaded the initial southern states out of the Union. If people realize they are being played, though, they can reach across old lines and reorganize to challenge the leaders who are pulling the strings. This was Lincoln's strategy when he joined together Whigs, Democrats, Free-Soilers, anti-Nebraska voters, and nativists into the new Republican Party to stand against the Slave Power. Five years before, such a coalition would have been unimaginable. Members of those groups agreed on very little other than that they wanted all Americans to have equal economic opportunity. Once they began to work together to promote a fair economic system, though, they found much common ground. They ended up rededicating the nation to a "government of the people, by the people, and for the people." Confederate leaders and Lincoln both knew about the political potential of a shock event. As we are in the midst of one, it seems worth noting that Lincoln seemed to have the better idea about how to use it. <N> The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism is a 2007 book by the Canadian author and social activist Naomi Klein. In the book, Klein argues that neoliberal free market policies (as advocated by the economist Milton Friedman) have risen to prominence in some developed countries because of a deliberate strategy of "shock therapy". This centers on the exploitation of national crises to push through controversial policies while citizens are too emotionally and physically distracted by disasters or upheavals to mount an effective resistance. The book suggests that some man-made events, such as the Iraq War, were undertaken with the intention of pushing through such unpopular policies in their wake. Some reviewers criticized the book for making what they viewed as simplifications of political phenomena, while others lauded it as a compelling and important work. The Shock Doctrine is the basis of a 2009 documentary by the same name directed by Michael Winterbottom.[1] Klein disowned the film, however, stating that there had been major differences in opinion as the project developed.[2] Synopsis [ edit ] The book has an introduction, a main body and a conclusion, divided into seven parts with a total of 21 chapters. Part 1 begins with a chapter on psychiatric shock therapy and the covert experiments conducted by the psychiatrist Ewen Cameron in collusion with the Central Intelligence Agency. The second chapter introduces Milton Friedman and his Chicago school of economics, whom Klein describes as leading a laissez-faire capitalist movement committed to creating free markets that are even less regulated than those that existed before the Great Depression. Part 2 discusses the use of "shock doctrine" to transform South American economies in the 1970s, focusing on the 1973 coup in Chile led by General Augusto Pinochet and influenced by a prominent group of Chilean economists who had been trained at the University of Chicago in the Economics department, funded by the CIA, and advised by Milton Friedman. Klein connects torture with economic shock therapy. Part 3 covers attempts to apply the shock doctrine without the need for extreme violence against sections of the population. Klein says that Margaret Thatcher applied mild shock "therapy" facilitated by the Falklands War, while free market reform in Bolivia was possible due to a combination of pre-existing economic crises and the charisma of Jeffrey Sachs. Part 4 reports on how Klein thinks the shock doctrine was applied in Poland, Russia, South Africa and to the tiger economies during the 1997 Asian financial crisis. Part 5 introduces the "Disaster Capitalism Complex", where the author claims that companies have learnt to profit from disasters. Part 6 discusses the use of "Shock and awe" in the 2003 invasion of Iraq and the subsequent occupation of Iraq, which Klein describes as the most comprehensive and full-scale implementation of the shock doctrine ever attempted. Part 7 is about winners and losers of economic shock therapy  how small groups will often do very well by moving into luxurious gated communities while large sections of the population are left with decaying public infrastructure, declining incomes and increased unemployment. The Conclusion details the backlash against the "shock doctrine" and economic institutions which, in Klein's view, encourage it  like the World Bank and IMF. South America and Lebanon post-2006 are shown in a positive light, where politicians are already rolling back free-market policies, with some mention of the increased campaigning by community-minded activists in South Africa and China. Reactions [ edit ] Favorable [ edit ] Paul B. Farrell from the Dow Jones Business News argued that The Shock Doctrine "may be the most important book on economics in the 21st century".[3] In The Guardian, John Gray hailed it as one of the "very few books that really help us understand the present", describing the work as "both timely and devastating".[4] William S. Kowinski of the San Francisco Chronicle praised Klein's prose and wrote that the author "may well have revealed the master narrative of our time".[5] In The Irish Times, Dr. Tom Clonan reported that she "systematically and calmly demonstrates to the reader" the way in which neoconservative figures were intimately linked to seismic events that "resulted in the loss of millions of lives".[6] In the Los Angeles Times, Richard Rayner opined, "Not everybody's going to agree with her, but this is reporting and history-writing in the tradition of Izzy Stone and Upton Sinclair. Klein upends assumptions and demands that we think -- her book is thrilling, troubling and very dark."[7] Stephen Amidon of the New York Observer affirmed the applicability of Klein's thesis to the Iraq War and argued, "Seen through the lens of Naomi Kleins analysis, [it] makes horrifying sense, right down to Mr. Rumsfelds decision to allow the looting of the nations cultural identity."[8] Shashi Tharoor noted the work's "meticulous endnotes" and stated, referring to globalization, that Klein "has established herself as its principal naysayer".[9] Katy Guest of The Independent praised the book as "a compelling account of the way big business and politics use global disasters for their own ends".[10] Juan Santos, winner of the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize, called the book "as gripping as the best murder mystery, as well researched as the best investigative journalism  on a par with the work of a Seymour Hersh."[11] The Shock Doctrine was named one of the best books of 2007 by the Village Voice,[12] Publishers Weekly,[13] The Observer,[14] and the Seattle Times.[15] Mixed [ edit ] The Nobel Laureate and former Chief Economist of the World Bank Joseph Stiglitz wrote a review of The Shock Doctrine for the New York Times calling the parallel between economic shock therapy and the psychological experiments conducted by Ewen Cameron "overdramatic and unconvincing" and claiming that "Klein is not an academic and cannot be judged as one. There are many places in her book where she oversimplifies." He also said "the case against these policies is even stronger than the one Klein makes" and that the book contains "a rich description of the political machinations required to force unsavory economic policies on resisting countries."[16] Shashi Tharoor in the Washington Post says that The Shock Doctrine takes Klein's criticism of capitalism an important step further. He also said Klein "is too ready to see conspiracies where others might discern little more than the all-too-human pattern of chaos and confusion, good intentions and greed".[17] Sociologists as Ulrich Beck envisioned the society of risk as a new cultural value which posed risk as a commodity to be exchanged in globalized economies. As Klein observed, this suggested that disasters and capitalist economy was inevitably entwined.[18] Some voices have praised the contributions of Klein to the study of the "spectacle of disasters". Unfavorable [ edit ] In the London Review of Books, Stephen Holmes criticizes The Shock Doctrine as nave, and opines that it conflates "'free market orthodoxy' with predatory corporate behaviour."[19] John Willman of the Financial Times describes it as "a deeply flawed work that blends together disparate phenomena to create a beguiling  but ultimately dishonest  argument."[20] Tom Redburn in the New York Times states that "what she is most blind to is the necessary role of entrepreneurial capitalism in overcoming the inherent tendency of any established social system to lapse into stagnation".[21] Jonathan Chait wrote in The New Republic that Klein "pays shockingly (but, given her premises, unsurprisingly) little attention to right-wing ideas. She recognizes that neoconservatism sits at the heart of the Iraq war project, but she does not seem to know what neoconservatism is; and she makes no effort to find out."[22] Robert Cole from The Times said, "Klein derides the 'disaster capitalism complex' and the profits and privatisations that go with it but she does not supply a cogently argued critique of free market principles, and without this The Shock Doctrine descends into a muddle of stories that are often worrying, sometimes interesting, and occasionally bizarre."[23] Economist Tyler Cowen, who called Klein's rhetoric "ridiculous" and the book a "true economics disaster", says that the book contains "a series of fabricated claims, such as the suggestion that Margaret Thatcher created the Falkland Islands crisis to crush the unions and foist unfettered capitalism upon an unwilling British public."[24] Johan Norberg of the Cato Institute criticizes the book, saying that "Klein's analysis is hopelessly flawed at virtually every level". Norberg finds fault with specifics of the analysis, such as with the Chinese government crackdown on the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989. He argues that, rather than crushing opposition to pro-market reforms (as Klein would have it), the crackdown itself caused liberalization to stall for years.[25] Klein responded on her website to both Norberg and Chait, stating that both had misrepresented her positions. Klein wrote that Norberg had erected a straw man by claiming that her book is about one man, Friedman, but that it is in fact about a "multifaceted ideological trend".[26] Norberg again responded that Klein "actually defends only one of her central claims that I criticized. Instead she gives the impression that I have just tried to find small mistakes here and there in her book." He went on to say that the numbers Klein supplied in her reply reveal the math in her central argument as "rubbish."[27] Awards [ edit ] Winner of the Warwick Prize for Writing (2008/9) See also [ edit ] Notes and references [ edit ] Reviews and interviews <N> An ode to America by Cornel Nistorescu Why are Americans so united? They don't resemble one another even if you paint them! They speak all the languages of the world and form an astonishing mixture of civilizations. Some of them are nearly extinct, others are incompatible with one another, and in matters of religious beliefs, not even God can count how many they are. Still, the American tragedy turned three hundred million people into a hand put on the heart. Nobody rushed to accuse the White House, the army, the secret services that they are only a bunch of losers. Nobody rushed to empty their bank accounts. Nobody rushed on the streets nearby to gape about. The Americans volunteered to donate blood and to give a helping hand. After the first moments of panic, they raised the flag on the smoking ruins, putting on T-shirts, caps and ties in the colours of the national flag. They placed flags on buildings and cars as if in every place and on every car a minister or the president was passing. On every occasion they started singing their traditional song: "God Bless America!". Download (PDF format) the front page of the september 24th issue, with the article "An Ode to America"(495kB) - romanian language Silent as a rock, I watched the charity concert broadcast on Saturday once, twice, three times, on different tv channels. There were Clint Eastwood, Willie Nelson, Robert de Niro, Julia Roberts, Cassius Clay, Jack Nicholson, Bruce Springsteen, Silvester Stalone, James Wood, and many others whom no film or producers could ever bring together. The American's solidarity spirit turned them into a choir. Actually, choir is not the word. What you could hear was the heavy artillery of the American soul. What neither George W. Bush, nor Bill Clinton, nor Colin Powell could say without facing the risk of stumbling over words and sounds, was being heard in a great and unmistakable way in this charity concert. I don't know how it happened that all this obsessive singing of America didn't sound croaky, nationalist, or ostentatious! It made you green with envy because you weren't able to sing for your country without running the risk of being considered chauvinist, ridiculous, or suspected of who-knows-what mean interests. I watched the live broadcast and the rerun of its rerun for hours listening to the story of the guy who went down one hundred floors with a woman in a wheelchair without knowing who she was, or of the Californian hockey player, who fought with the terrorists and prevented the plane from hitting a target that would have killed other hundreds or thousands of people. How on earth were they able to sacrifice for their fellow humans? Imperceptibly, with every word and musical note, the memory of some turned into a modern myth of tragic heroes. And with every phone call, millions and millions of dollars were put in a collection aimed at rewarding not a man or a family, but a spirit which nothing can buy. What on earth can unite the Americans in such a way? Their land? Their galloping history? Their economic power? Money? I tried for hours to find an answer, humming songs and murmuring phrases which risk of sounding like commonplaces. I thought things over, but I reached only one conclusion. Only freedom can work such miracles! Cauta in Evenimentul Zilei Gaseste Toate Oricare Format Detalii Titluri Cauta [Home | Editorial | Politica | Sport | Investigatii | Cotidian | Bani & Afaceri | In lume ] [English version | Arhive | Contact | Instrumente de cautare ] [Publicitate | Feedback ] Evenimentul Zilei OnLine foloseste serviciile DIGICOM si RDS Copyright  1996-2000 EvZ ONLINE. All rights reserved Please send your comments to _EMAIL_ <N> Llew Gardner Mrs Thatcher, hello and welcome to This Week. Mrs Thatcher, you've been Leader of the Conservative Party for a year now. How does the Conservative Party under Mrs Thatcher differ in style, in policy and approach from the Party led by Mr Heath? Mrs Margaret Thatcher Well it's difficult for me really to judge the answer to that, because, after all I'm one of the principal people concerned. What I've tried to do is to show clearly the differences between the two Parties, and I believe they are getting steadily clearer as the days go by. To some extent, I think we've been helped by the Labour Party, which has gone further Left than it's ever gone before, so people really are beginning to realise that there's a tremendous difference between the policies a Conservative Government would pursue, and those a Labour Government is pursuing, and I've tried to put these in ordinary terms. Llew Gardner Without asking you to attack your former colleague, er, and the former Leader of the Party, are you in fact saying though that the Conservative Party in the past, in fact went too far to the Left, or too far on to the middle ground? Mrs Margaret Thatcher It would be difficult to go too far on to the middle ground, because usually, you know, that's the common sense ground which appeals to most people. Er, I think it's true to say, that the differences between Conservatives are very small indeed. Very small, compared to the enormous gulf between the Parties, and I am trying to focus attention on what I think the Labour Government is doing wrong, and there's plenty to focus attention on, and how differently we'd do it, and how different is our vision of the British way of life from theirs. [end p1] Llew Gardner Well, I don't want to stay with the differences between you and the past administration too long. But, would it be fair to say, that you  . under your leadership the Party is more dedicated to the principles of greater opportunity for the individual, and less interference by Government than it was in the past? Mrs Margaret Thatcher It would certainly be true to say that as the Labour Government's gone on, State interference has got greater and greater into the ordinary lives of people, and therefore it's become much, much clearer that we would have far less of that, leave much more choice with the ordinary people about how they lead their own lives, about how they spend their pay packet in their pockets, and I think you're quite right in saying that there has been much more emphasis on that. Llew Gardner As Leader of the Party do you see your task as one of formulating and pushing forward new ideas, and emphasis of policy, or do you see yourself as a co-ordinator of policies worked out by other people, a kind of referee? Mrs Margaret Thatcher Ooh, not a referee, I think perhaps more a manager of a team, and it does take quite some time, you know, to weld a team together to play effectively. I think any football manager will tell you that. Of course, you have to give some lead in policies  . Llew Gardner  . especially the policies of substantial reserves sitting on the back benches  . Mrs Margaret Thatcher Ooh, lots of reserves, there's plenty of reserve talent there, tremendous amount. Er, working out policy takes almost everyone on the back benches. Most of them are concerned in one way or another with some of the policy committees. And, of course, we have a lot of outside help as well. It's been marvellous to see the number of people who have come forward to say, Well now look, we know, er, industry, we know commerce, can we help from the academic world? so it's a very big job, but the broad general differences, and broad general strategy are clear. [end p2] Llew Gardner You know, political commentators often complain that they have difficulty setting you within the Tory's spectrum, narrow as you've already suggested that spectrum may be. Er, and I can see, having listened to you for a few moments, why they have this difficulty  . Mrs Margaret Thatcher  You're having difficulty too  Llew Gardner  Yes, I'm having this difficulty. Is this because you really don't have any strong views about where the Party should be heading, or, is it that you see solely your task as bringing all the strings together? Mrs Margaret Thatcher Oh no, no. You know, we have difficulty with political commentators too. Er, I would have thought I'd given very clear leads in some of my speeches, er, there was the Conference speech, there was the speech which I did in America, which in fact, drew together a number of themes which I've been speaking about here. Perhaps I can summarise it best by saying thisNations that have pursued equality, like the Iron Curtain countries, I think have finished up with neither equality, nor liberty. Nations, which like us, in the past have pursued liberty, as a fundamental objective, extending it to all, have finished up with liberty, human dignity, and far fewer inequalities than other people. Now, that was hailed as quite a distinctive lead at the time, since then  . Llew Gardner  held a sort of Right Wing lead, in some way  . Mrs Margaret Thatcher  . Oh no, liberty is fundamental. Liberty, human dignity, a higher standard of living is fundamental. And, steadily, I think, people are beginning to realise that you don't have those things unless you have a pretty large private enterprise sector. Any Iron Curtain country has neither liberty, nor a very high standard of living. The two things go, economic and political freedom, go together. I've been right in the forefront of saying that, here, in the States, and it's very interesting to me now, to see a number of articles from people who are taking up the same theme. They are disturbed that Socialism is reducing liberty and freedom for ordinary people, and that's really what matters. [end p3] Llew Gardner Well this is, I think, what I've been trying to ask you, Mrs Thatcher, that you have, it seems to me, that I presume Mr. Heath and all the people who served with him, felt all the things that you've been saying over the last year, just as much as you do, but perhaps they didn't say it. Do you see your task, that of repeating old Tory truths? Mrs Margaret Thatcher Fundamental truths are fundamental truths and last a very long time. It's not surprising really that you shouldn't find that number of differences between members of one Party. Because, after all, we all believe in the same way of life, and it's in getting that across that we perhaps put different emphasis on different things. I think my difficulty with political commentators is that they try to see more differences in policy, perhaps, than there are. What there may well be is a difference is style, and a difference in emphasis. I think you're struggling to find more differences than you'll find. Llew Gardner I'm struggling to really find a reason  . Mrs Margaret Thatcher  . You're struggling very hard  . Llew Gardner No, I'm struggling really to find a reason other than the fact that he lost three elections, why you bothered to get rid of Ted Heath in your Party? Mrs Margaret Thatcher Three elections is quite a lot, after all, if you believe in a way of life, you try to see that that way of life is the one which prevails in Britain. Look, Edward HeathTed had been Leader for ten years, and Prime Minister for four, that is a very great achievement, and it's not surprising that after ten years that people should want some changes. I look at his period as a period of undoubted achievement. But, inevitably there was a movement for change. Llew Gardner So, fundamentally, they hope you're a winner where he was a loser? [end p4] Mrs Margaret Thatcher I hope I'm a winner for the Party too. We both serve the Party, it's a cause you serve, not a person  . Llew Gardner Do you believe in consensus politics, er, within the Conservative Party, do you believe that really we talked about the middle ground, the middle ground is the place you have to be? Mrs Margaret Thatcher I'm never quite sure what you mean be consensus politics. I believe that what most people want in their lives, is what the Conservative Party wants to have for them. I believe that our policies are fundamentally common sense policies. Just let's take taxation for an example. Wherever I go I hear enormous resentment about the amount which people are paying out of their own pay packet in tax. And, this goes right across the income ranges. Socialism started by saying it was going to tax the rich, very rapidly it was taxing the middle income groups. Now, it's taxing people quite highly with incomes way below average and pensioners with incomes way below average. You look at the figure on the beginning of a pay slip, sometimes it can look quite high, look along the slip to the other end, and see how many deductions you've had off, those deductions have increased enormously under Socialism  . Llew Gardner  this takes us into the  . sorry  please do  Mrs Margaret Thatcher  because they've put it  can-can I just finish, because it's an important point? Public expenditure, which they always boast about, is financed out of the pay packet in our pockets. People are saying that they really think too much is being taken out of the pay packet for someone to spend on their behalf, and they'd rather be left with more, and it's now well-known that Socialist Governments put up taxes and Conservative Governments take them down. It's part of our fundamental belief giving the people more choice to spend their own money in their own way. [end p5] Llew Gardner And that takes us right into the economic debate. Er, I won't take up your point on taxes straight away, I think I'll  Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Quite crucial. Llew Gardner The Prime Minister  The Prime Minister and the Chancellor have both said, er, recently, the Prime Minister said, We are winning through . He said that on Monday, and that suggests that the Government policies have proved effective, and that inflation is being brought under control. Do you accept the Government's analysis of the situation? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher No, not wholly. Er, in the last election  . Llew Gardner Partly? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher  one moment. In the last election, you remember, Mr. Healey said that the rate of inflation then was eight point four per cent, and he fought the election on that, and the Harold WilsonPrime Minister fought on that, and having got unemployment down. Now, I've never seen such a bad economic record over this last year, as has been put up by the present Government. No one could have made a worse hash of it than they have. You've had inflation not at eight point four per cent, but at twenty-five per cent. You've had the highest rate of unemployment that we've ever had in the post war period. On top of that, you've got production, on which we all depend for our standard of living, is below what it was in 1970. Now you expect me to be satisfied with that? It is a terrible record; unequalled I believe in the western world, in the combination which you've had, of high inflation and high unemployment. Llew Gardner You don't accept that they are getting on top of the problem? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher They said they were getting on top of the problem last September. I hope they are getting on top of the problem for Britain's sake. What I suspect is happening is that we have certainly got welcome improvements, in that the rate of inflation appears now not to be twenty-five per cent, but what I regard, and Conservatives regard it as much too high a rate of twelve to fifteen per cent. You see, we're coming down to [end p6] what other countries had as their peak. So I hope we're coming down, and I hope for a time we're going to stay down. Unemployment, I'm afraid, will rise for a time. Er, and it's very tragic because it's not only the unemployment figures, but you've got to remember that each one probably has a family as well, and so it effects far more people than just the figures that we hear about. Llew Gardner Do you accept then that the Government's six pound pay limit, that the voluntary policy has worked? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher The six pound pay limit certainly has worked. But don't forget that we fought a 1974 election on saying really that pay couldn't go on going up as it was. The important thing  you must never look at pay on its own, what you've got to look at is pay in relation to the amount produced. It's when those two get badly out of line that you get inflation. And now obviously, we've got very much higher pay, but we're producing less than we were in 1970, so it's the relationship that you've got to watch. Don't look at pay separately. Once you start to cut off a man's pay from the fruits of his labour, he will inevitably feel enormous resentment. If he's going to work harder, of course he deserves more pay, and he doesn't want it all taken away in tax. But there are two sides of the equation you've got to look at. Llew Gardner There are of course, those within your party who are not that keen on any form of incomes policy. If Mr. Healey decides to continue with some form of incomes policy after July, will you support him in the House? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher What we said was perfectly plain during the debate. I spelt it out, other members of my Party spelt it out. Incomes policy is not enough. What incomes policy can do is to reduce the levels of unemployment that you'd otherwise have, and that's extremely important. It cannot of itself control inflation. You can't, if you're trying to control inflation, go on putting public expenditure up and up, beyond the taxpayer's capacity to pay; because that's a factor which will lead to inflation. What I fear Mr. Healey's had, is an incomes policy trying to cope at one end with the problembring it down, while at the other end he's had public expenditure going up and up which, in fact, has stoked up inflation. And in [end p7] the long term you've got to get the whole of the economic sector right. Llew Gardner Have a look at  Have a look at public expenditure in a moment. If he continues with an incomes policy after July, will you support it? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Well, I think we'd need to know what kind of incomes policy it's going to be. You remember this came up when the six pound limit came up. We did not oppose an incomes policy. I did not think that a straight six pound policy was the right one to bring in. It will cause enormous problems in the future, because it's already squashed differentials. And, you know, you have a lot of different unions, because each of them is looking after different skills. You have tremendous problems already, because sometimes one group in a firm would have got an increase under the old pay code, and some others would have had only the six pound limit. So you've got differential problems. And we'll have to have a look to see what kind of incomes policy Mr. Healey and his Government is proposing. Llew Gardner You've talked about public expenditure. Can you cut public expenditure, and at the same time cut unemployment? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Jobs really come in the productive sector of the economy. The real jobs are where people are producing goods or services which other people will buy. Now, dependent on those people producing those goods, are a lot of others in the public sector. Now if you run up the public sector, you can only do it by draining money out of industry and commerce. But that's where the jobs are. And one of the reasons why you have to cut public expenditure is to get the money backone of the reasons why you have to cut public expenditure is to get money back out of the public sector, into industry and commerce, so that they, in fact, can invest, and improve, and expand; because that's where the secure jobs are. It's very complicated. Llew Gardner Is the answer to my question, yes? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher And I hope the point is clear. Llew Gardner Is the answer to my question, yes, that you can cut public expenditure, and cut unemployment? [end p8] Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Unless you cut public expenditure, you will not in the longer run have lower unemployment; you may have difficulties in the short run. We were saying this a year ago. Because they ran up inflation and didn't deal with it then, they've now got higher unemployment than they need have had. They've delayed solving the fundamental problem. Llew Gardner All right. When did you start  . decide to start beating them with unemployment? Er, because Sir Geoffrey Howe said quite recently that, The Tory Party would never use the weapon of unemployment as a stick to beat the Government. You now seem to be, er, have changed your mind on that? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher The facts are, Mr. Gardner, that the Conservative Party has never had the level of unemployment which the Labour Government has created now. Never. Llew Gardner Do you believe that you can cure inflation without a considerable amount of unemployment? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher I believe that we should not have had the present level of inflation but for a Labour Government. It went up to twenty-five per cent partly because of their disastrous policies between elections, and since the second election  Llew Gardner Can you cure  . Mrs. Margaret Thatcher  . if they had not  . One moment, Mr. Gardner. Just let's apportion the blame. If they had not run inflation up to unprecedented levels, and if they'd listened to some economic advice before that, we should have had prices not as high as they have been, and we should have unemployment a lot lower. Unless they get it right now, we shall have more unemployment in the future than we need have. Llew Gardner Can you cure inflation without a considerable degree of unemployment? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Curing inflation depends upon a number of things. It depends upon the equation of getting your production and your wages right, and therefore, indirectly, your money supply right. It depends upon not having too much public expenditure. Er, and those, I think, are two of the fundamental [end p9] thingsthe money supply is all right. Difficult with incomes in relation to production. Llew Gardner But there's no easy way, is there, Mrs. Thatcher? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher No. [end p10] Llew Gardner There's no way that isn't painful for the people, is there? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher No. But, you see, it would have been a lot less painful if they'd done it right at the start. This I find difficult to get across to you, Mr. Gardner. When we left office in February 1974, the level of inflation that we regarded as intolerably high was about fourteen or fifteen per cent. That's what they've now got down to, having taken it right up and down. We need never have gone up to the level to which they've taken it. Now, we were fighting on a policy of trying to deal with inflation then. They did not deal with it. We had cut expenditure then. Tony Barber had had very severe cuts. So really he'd got it all going right for them, and then they went in the wrong way. And the troubles we're having now are their troubles, due to their policies, and they really must tackle them fundamentally to get themselves out of it. Llew Gardner Unfortunately, they're our problems as well. Er, however Mrs  Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Unfortunately, yes  Llew Gardner However, Mrs.  Mrs. Margaret Thatcher I agree, because the people pay. Llew Gardner However, Mrs. Thatcher, may  . may  . may I ask you. I understand that the  . some of the cuts you'd make in public expenditure are the fields of er, food subsidies and housing subsidies. Are there other places you would cut? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Look, I think you're tackling public expenditure from the wrong end, if I might say so. Why don't you look at it as any housewife has to look at it? She has to look at her expenditure every week or every month, according to what she can afford to spend, and if she overspends [end p11] one week or month, she's got to economise the next. Now governments really ought to look at it from the viewpoint of What can we afford to spend? They've already put up taxes, and yet the taxes they collect are not enough for the tremendous amount they're spending. They're having to borrow to a greater extent than ever before, and future generations will have to repay. Now, if anyone tells me that a Chancellor of the Denis HealeyExchequer can put up public expenditure in two years byand it's a tremendous figuretwenty thousand million pounds, and he doesn't know where to get it down by about three thousand million pounds, then he ought never to have been in charge of the nation's finances  never! Llew Gardner Do you know where to get  . do you know where to get it down? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher When I see the full public expenditure figures, we shall have more idea in detail. In the meantime, we have said some of the things which are indicated, and we must also stop spending enormous sums on nationalising everything he can lay hands on, because that doesn't help public expenditure either. It merely adds to the bills we have to pay in future years, and if he'd stop that, we should be very much better off than we are todayand have very much lower expenditure. Llew Gardner Mrs. Thatcher, turning to the Tory Party in opposition, you've made a number of declarations of war on the present Labour Government. When's the war going to start? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher We battle almost daily. Unfortunately, the Labour Party in Parliament has a majority of forty over the Conservative Party. So the Conservative Party alone can never beat them. They've an overall majority of one over all the other parties together, so we're  Llew Gardner Well, not at the moment, but er, in theory. Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Well yes, yes  at the moment  an overall majority of one. So if we're to bring them down, all the other parties have to join with us er, on a combined vote, and we all have to be there. As a matter of fact there's slightly more than one, because there are two independents who [end p12] normally vote Labour. So until we've won a few by-elections, we can't, even acting together, bring them down. So we shall go into battle in the next by-elections. We won one, as you know. Llew Gardner And yet, you know, don't you find it a bit odd  I know, I mean I talk to Conservatives in the country  . they find it odd that a government with no real majority, or a majority of one as you say  facing huge problems, er, unpopular apparently in the country, according to the opinion polls, yet it manages to act in the House. If all the world was seen to have a huge built-in majority and was the safest government that's ever been  is that just a matter of Mr. Wilson 's general confidence and isn't that a reflection on the Opposition? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher No. Er, I think you've got it wrong. Er, I tried to spell out a moment ago, they in fact have a majority. The majority is bigger than it looks, because it's a majority of forty over us. So in fact they  if ever we manage to get a vote within forty, it means that other parties have combined with us. If the other parties vote with them, they can have a majority of seventy, so they've got a majority, and so long as they keep that they can get through what they like. The moment we try  . we topple them on one or two by-elections, then they will have lost their overall majority, and that can have quite far-reaching consequences. So it's just a plain straight question of arithmetic at the moment. Llew Gardner But are there ? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher So you need to look at the answer. You just look at the arithmetic. Llew Gardner There are those nasty critics, of course, who suggest that you don't really want to bring them down at the moment. Life is a bit too difficult in the country, and that  leave them to sort the mess out and then come in with the attack later  say next year. [end p13] Mrs. Margaret Thatcher I would much prefer to bring them down as soon as possible. I think they've made the biggest financial mess that any government's ever made in this country for a very long time, and Socialist governments traditionally do make a financial mess. They always run out of other people's money. It's quite a characteristic of them. They then start to nationalise everything, and people just do not like more and more nationalisation, and they're now trying to control everything by other means. They're progressively reducing the choice available to ordinary people. Look at the trouble now we're having with choice of schools. Of course parents want a say in the kind of education their children have. Look at the William Tyndall Schoolan example where the parents finally rebelled. Of course they did. These schools are financed by taxpayers' money, but the choice to parents is being reduced. Look at the large numbers of people who live on council estates. Many of them would like to buy their own homes. Oh, but that's not approved of by a Socialist government  . oh no! But that's absurd. Why shouldn't they? Well over thirty per cent of our houses are council houses. Why shouldn't those people purchase their own homes if they can? Llew Gardner Mrs  Mrs. Thatcher, I hesitate to interrupt you, but we're in the last minute almost. Mrs. Margaret Thatcher It's gone very quickly. Llew Gardner Er, you said in a recent interview that 19671976 would be a good year to become Prime Minister. Can you imagine being Prime Minister of a team that doesn't have such distinguished figures as Edward Heath and Peter Walker in its ranks? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher Let's win the election first. Then I'll choose my team, and it'll be a jolly good team, and it'll put Britain on the right road. Llew Gardner You wouldn't rule out Mr. Walker and Mr. Heath in that team? [end p14] Mrs. Margaret Thatcher I shall win first, and then, if I'm still leader of the party, which I hope and assume will be so, I shall choose my own team. Llew Gardner If you win you probably will still be leader. Er, a number of nicknames you've had er, since coming into politics  Milk-snatcher, Hoarder, now The Iron Maiden. Which one of all those do you prefer? Mrs. Margaret Thatcher I think that perhaps in firmness with which one will deal with policies, perhaps The Iron Maiden is right, but, um, it's an Iron Maiden who has a family, and that's very important. Llew Gardner Mrs. Thatcher, thank you very much indeed. Good night to you. <N> 