Author anonymous A few days ago, Jack Minzey, sent what was to be the final chapter in the long line of books and treatises which he had written. Jack went to be with the Lord, on Sunday, 8 April 2018. Professionally, Jack was head of the Department of Education at Eastern Michigan University as well as a prolific author of numerous books, most of which were on the topic of Education and the Government role therein. His interest in Conservative Politics was exceeded only by his intellectual ability. This is the last of his works: Civil War How do civil wars happen? Two or more sides disagree on who runs the country. And they cant settle the question through elections because they dont even agree that elections are how you decide whos in charge. Thats the basic issue here. Who decides who runs the country? When you hate each other but accept the election results, you have a country. When you stop accepting election results, you have a countdown to a civil war. The Mueller investigation is about removing President Trump from office and overturning the results of an election. We all know that. But its not the first time theyve done this. The first time a Republican president was elected this century, they said he didnt really win. The Supreme Court gave him the election. Theres a pattern here. What do sure odds of the Democrats rejecting the next Republican president really mean? It means they dont accept the results of any election that they dont win. It means they dont believe that transfers of power in this country are determined by elections. Thats a civil war. Theres no shooting. At least not unless you count the attempt to kill a bunch of Republicans at a charity baseball game practice. But the Democrats have rejected our system of government. This isnt dissent. Its not disagreement. You can hate the other party. You can think theyre the worst thing that ever happened to the country. But then you work harder to win the next election. When you consistently reject the results of elections that you dont win, what you want is a dictatorship. Your very own dictatorship. The only legitimate exercise of power in this country, according to Democrats, is its own. Whenever Republicans exercise power, its inherently illegitimate. The Democrats lost Congress. They lost the White House. So what did they do? They began trying to run the country through Federal judges and bureaucrats. Every time that a Federal judge issues an order saying that the President of the United States cant scratch his own back without his say so, thats the civil war. Our system of government is based on the constitution, but thats not the system that runs this country. The Democrats system is that any part of government that it runs gets total and unlimited power over the country. If the Democrats are in the White House, then the president can do anything. And I mean anything. He can have his own amnesty for illegal aliens. He can fine you for not having health insurance. His power is unlimited. Hes a dictator. But when Republicans get into the White House, suddenly the President cant do anything. He isnt even allowed to undo the illegal alien amnesty that his predecessor illegally invented. A Democrat in the White House has discretion to completely decide every aspect of immigration policy. A Republican doesnt even have the discretion to reverse him. Thats how the game is played Thats how our country is run. Sad but true, although the left hasnt yet won that particular fight. When a Democrat is in the White House, states arent even allowed to enforce immigration law. But when a Republican is in the White House, states can create their own immigration laws. Under Obama, a state wasnt allowed to go to the bathroom without asking permission. But under Trump, Jerry Brown can go around saying that California is an independent republic and sign treaties with other countries. The Constitution has something to say about that. Whether its Federal or State, Executive, Legislative or Judiciary, the left moves power around to run the country. If it controls an institution, then that institution is suddenly the supreme power in the land. This is what I call a moving dictatorship. Donald Trump has caused the Shadow Government to come out of hiding: Professional government is a guild. Like medieval guilds. You cant serve in if youre not a member. If you havent been indoctrinated into its arcane rituals. If you arent in the club. And Trump isnt in the club. He brought in a bunch of people who arent in the club with him. Now were seeing what the pros do when amateurs try to walk in on them. They spy on them, they investigate them and they send them to jail. They use the tools of power to bring them down. Thats not a free country. Its not a free country when FBI agents who support Hillary take out an insurance policy against Trump winning the election. Its not a free country when Obama officials engage in massive unmasking of the opposition. Its not a free country when the media responds to the other guy winning by trying to ban the conservative media that supported him from social media. Its not a free country when all of the above collude together to overturn an election because the guy who wasnt supposed to win did. Have no doubt, were in a civil war between conservative volunteer government and a leftist Democrat professional government. <N> Monday, May 21, 2018 - by Roy Exum Jack Minzey, by all accounts, was a beloved professor at Eastern Michigan and, as the head of the universitys School of Education, wrote many books and papers. Some were on the Civil War  he was an avid student of our nations worst moment  and his beliefs how to better public education will be quoted for years. Dr. Minzey died at age 89 last month and just last week, the last of his papers became available. Normally I would pay slight attention to The USA is in a Civil War, but as a close friend sat in a rocking chair on my porch Sunday, the brilliantly-educated man told me, I think America is headed for a Civil War. At the time I scoffed, calling the notion ludicrous, because those in this county love one another far too much for that to happen. Sure, we have our differences but I look at that as our biggest strength; we weigh our different beliefs, go to the voting booth, and rarely are the scales ever wrong. I will admit that I believe there is more rancor and anger in our country than I can ever remember but there is nothing as big to me as our allegiance to the country and to one another. Dr. Minzeys final paper does not speak for me, any Republicans nor Democrats who are my friends. This isnt racist or grounded in our societys racial equality. This is simply one 89-year-old mans view from his deathbed and I beg you take it no other way than brain fodder: * * * THE USA IS IN A NEW CIVIL WAR Written by Dr. Jack Minzey, Deceased How do civil wars happen? Two or more sides disagree on who runs the country. And they can't settle the question through elections because they don't even agree that elections are how you decide who's in charge. That's the basic issue here. Who decides who runs the country? When you hate each other but accept the election results, you have a country. When you stop accepting election results, you have a countdown to a civil war. The Mueller investigation is about removing President Trump from office and overturning the results of an election. We all know that. But it's not the first time they've done this. The first time a Republican president was elected this century, they said he didn't really win. The Supreme Court gave him the election. There's a pattern here. What do sure odds of the Democrats rejecting the next Republican president really mean? It means they don't accept the results of any election that they don't win. It means they don't believe that transfers of power in this country are determined by elections. That's a civil war. There's no shooting. At least not unless you count the attempt to kill a bunch of Republicans at a charity baseball game practice. But the Democrats have rejected our system of government. This isn't dissent. It's not disagreement. You can hate the other party. You can think they're the worst thing that ever happened to the country. But then you work harder to win the next election. When you consistently reject the results of elections that you don't win, what you want is a dictatorship. Your very own dictatorship. The only legitimate exercise of power in this country, according to Democrats, is its own. Whenever Republicans exercise power, it's inherently illegitimate. The Democrats lost Congress. They lost the White House. So what did they do? They began trying to run the country through Federal judges and bureaucrats. Every time that a Federal judge issues an order saying that the President of the United States can't scratch his own back without his say so, that's the civil war. Our system of government is based on The Constitution, but that's not the system that runs this country. The Democrat's system is that any part of government that it runs gets total and unlimited power over the country. If the Democrats are in the White House, then the president can do anything. And I mean anything. He can have his own amnesty for illegal aliens. He can fine you for not having health insurance. His power is unlimited. He's a dictator. But when Republicans get into the White House, suddenly the President can't do anything. He isn't even allowed to undo the illegal alien amnesty that his predecessor illegally invented. A Democrat in the White House has 'discretion' to completely decide every aspect of immigration policy. A Republican doesn't even have the 'discretion' to reverse him. That's how the game is played. That's how our country is run. Sad but true, although the left hasn't yet won that particular fight. When a Democrat is in the White House, states aren't even allowed to enforce immigration law. But when a Republican is in the White House, states can create their own immigration laws. Under Obama, a state wasn't allowed to go to the bathroom without asking permission. But under Trump, Jerry Brown can go around saying that California is an independent republic and sign treaties with other countries. The Constitution has something to say about that. Whether it's Federal or State, Executive, Legislative or Judiciary, the left moves power around to run the country. If it controls an institution, then that institution is suddenly the supreme power in the land. This is what I call a moving dictatorship. Donald Trump has caused the Shadow Government to come out of hiding: Professional government is a guild. Like medieval guilds. You can't serve in if you're not a member. If you haven't been indoctrinated into its arcane rituals. If you aren't in the club. And Trump isn't in the club. He brought in a bunch of people who aren't in the club with him. Now we're seeing what the pros do when amateurs try to walk in on them. They spy on them, they investigate them and they send them to jail. They use the tools of power to bring them down. That's not a free country. It's not a free country when FBI agents who support Hillary take out an 'insurance policy' against Trump winning the election. It's not a free country when Obama officials engage in massive unmasking of the opposition. It's not a free country when the media responds to the other guy winning by trying to ban the conservative media that supported him from social media. It's not a free country when all of the above collude together to overturn an election because the guy who wasn't supposed to win did. Have no doubt, we're in a civil war between conservative volunteer government and a leftist Democrat professional government. * * * So, todays new truth or the ramblings of an old man? Dont write to Dr. Jack. Dont write to me. But if so inclined address your response to _EMAIL_ You are asked to keep your remarks brief, void of foul language and each response must include an email address and valid telephone number. <N> Biography Minzey, Jack Devere Ypsilanti, MI Age 89, passed away Sunday, April 8, 2018 at St. Joseph Mercy Hospital. He was born October 6, 1928 in Flint, MI to Floy Marina (Stimson) Minzey and John J. Jack Minzey. His early years were spent in Flint and after his freshman year, his family moved to Ypsilanti, where he attended and graduated as valedictorian from Roosevelt High School in 1946. While in high school, he was president of the student council, president of the athletic club, wrote for the school paper, was in the band and orchestra, and acted in several school plays. He won the state championship for oratory and was a member of the Pen and Scroll and the National Honor Society. In athletics, Jack played basketball, football and baseball. He was a starter on the basketball team when he was a sophomore and captain of the team during his junior and senior years. Jack attended Michigan State Normal College (Eastern Michigan University) and graduated with a B.S. degree and a teaching certificate in 1950. He was the recipient of the Vinora Beal Scholarship and a member of Pi Gamma Mu and Stoics. He was also a member of the Kappa Phi Alpha Fraternity. While in college he was a member of the Naval Air Reserve. Jack played basketball at college, city league, fraternity, and semi-pro. He accepted a teaching position in Milford, MI, and in 1951, was drafted into the U.S. Army. He was trained as a cryptographer at Camp Gordon, GA and was sent to the Korean theater where he served in Japan as battalion clerk. He was awarded the Korean War Medal. He also played company and battalion basketball and served on the honor guard. Jack returned to Milford as a high school teacher, varsity basketball coach and Jr. Varsity football coach. It was there that he met Esther Pritchard, and they were married April 10, 1954. Their marriage resulted in four children, David, Daniel, Debra and John. While in Milford, Jack served as guidance counselor, elementary principal, junior high principal and senior high principal. During those years, he obtained his Masters Degree from the University of Michigan. In 1964, Jack was selected as a Mott Intern and spent a year in Flint earning his doctoral degree which he received in 1967 from Michigan State University. He was then hired by Michigan State University as Director of Continuing Education, assigned first in Saginaw and later at Oakland University in Rochester. He was later transferred to the College of Education at MSU where he was the Director of the Mott Institute for Community Improvement. Following this, Dr. Minzey was employed by the Michigan Department of Education as Supervisor of High Education for the State of Michigan. In 1967, Dr. Minzey took a position with Eastern Michigan University as professor and Director of the Mott Interns. He then created the Center for Community Education at Eastern and became its director. During his twenty five years at Eastern, he served as Department Head for the Department of Leadership and Counseling and Dean of the College of Education. Dr. Minzey became nationally and internationally known for his expertise in Community Education. He instituted Community Education in most of the school districts in Southeastern Michigan, and many in Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York. He coordinated the operation of Community Education Centers at Syracuse University, Indiana University (Pennsylvania), Shippensburg College, Kent State University and Departments of Education in New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. Dr. Minzeys professional activities resulted in lecturing at over 50 institutions of higher education and over 500 keynote speeches which included every state in the union and eleven foreign countries. He was a member of several professional organizations and served on scores of committees. Most noteworthy of these would be first president of the Huron Valley Credit Union; faculty advisor for Kappa Delta Pi at EMU; President-National Community Education Association; Chairman Board of Trustees  Heartland Foundation; Board of Directors, Michigan Community Education Association; and Eastern Michigan University Alumni Board. Dr. Minzey was a prolific writer and authored four books. One of these was perceived nationally as the recognized textbook in Community Education. He also contributed portions to sixteen other books. He also had published over 60 articles in professional journals and participated in many other professional experiences such as teaching materials, professional interviews and audio and video recordings. As might be expected, Dr. Minzey received numerous awards. Those most significant were Eastern Michigan Universitys Alumni Honors Award and the Distinguished Alumni Award; Outstanding Service Award, National Community Education Association; Distinguished Service Award, Michigan Community Education Association; Michigan Education Hall of Fame; Distinguished College of Education Award Alum; Lifetime Member Award, Michigan Association Adult and Community Education; Presidents Award, National Community Education Association. Dr. Minzey retired in January, 1992. Since that time, he has continued writing, teaching and speaking. He has still been called upon to deliver some of his expertise to professional groups in the state and throughout the country. He has also contributed his time to his community by serving on several Eastern Michigan University committees and serving on the boards of many local organizations. He and his wife Esther have spent a great deal of their time and resources supporting Eastern Michigan and its activities, and they are regular attendees at most EMU functions. However, his greatest joy has been spending time with his children and grandchildren. During all of his life, Dr. Minzey held many jobs in addition to his main responsibilities. At various times, he was a park employee, coach, consultant and teacher in continuing education. It was always his intent to provide for the financial needs of his wife and children. He always felt that his family was his greatest accomplishment, and his most important goal in life was to be a good husband, father and grandfather. In addition to his loving wife, survivors include: four children, David (Debra) of DeWitt, MI, Daniel (Barbara) of Chelsea, Debra Papineau of Albany, KY and John (Anna) of Whitmore Lake; ten grandchildren, Michael, Megan, Caitlin, Christina, Stephanie, Samantha, Jeffrey, Dorothy, John and Nicole; and five great grandchildren. He was preceded in death by his son-in-law Rob Papineau and grandson Robby Papineau. The funeral service will be 11 am Saturday, April 14, 2018 at the First Presbyterian Church, 300 N. Washington Street, Ypsilanti with Rev. Keith E. Geiselman officiating. Burial will take place 10 am Monday, April 16, 2018 at Great Lakes National Cemetery, 4200 Belford Road, Holly, MI 48442. Contributions in his memory may be made to the Minzey-Robby Educational Leadership Endowed Scholarship at Eastern Michigan University, _LINKS_. Envelopes are available at Stark Funeral Service where the family will greet friends 2-4 & 6-8 pm Friday. There will also be visitation at the church from 10 am until time of service Saturday. <N> Posted by This is a civil war.There arent any soldiers marching on Charleston or Myrtle Beach. Nobodys getting shot in the streets. Except in Chicago and Baltimore, Detroit and Washington D.C.But thats not a civil war. Its just what happens when Democrats run a city into the ground. And then they dig a hole in the ground so they can bury it even deeper.If you look deep enough into that great big Democrat hole, you might even see where Jimmy Hoffa is buried.But its not guns that make a civil war. Its politics.Guns are how a civil war ends. Politics is how it begins.How do civil warshappen or more sides disagree on who runs the country. And they cant settle the question through elections because they dont even agree that elections are how you decide whos in charge.Thats the basic issue here. Who decides who runs the country? When you hate each other but accept the election results, you have a country. When you stop accepting election results, you have a countdown to a civil war.I know youre all thinking about President Trump.He won and the establishment, the media, the democrats, rejected the results. They came up with a whole bunch of conspiracy theories to explain why he didnt really win. It was the Russians. And the FBI. And sexism, Obama, Bernie Sanders and white people.Its easier to make a list of the things that Hillary Clinton doesnt blame for losing the election. Its going to be a short list.A really short list. Herself.The Mueller investigation is about removing President Trump from office and overturning the results of an election. We all know that. But its not the first time theyve done this.The first time a Republican president was elected this century, they said he didnt really win. The Supreme Court gave him the election. Theres a pattern here.Trump didnt really win the election. Bush didnt really win the election. Every time a Republican president won an election this century, the Democrats insist he didnt really win.Now say a third Republican president wins an election in say, 2024.What are the odds that theyll say that he didnt really win? Right now, it looks like 100 percent.What do sure odds of the Dems rejecting the next Republican president really mean? It means they dont accept the results of any election that they dont win.It means they dont believe that transfers of power in this country are determined by elections.Thats a civil war.Theres no shooting. At least not unless you count the attempt to kill a bunch of Republicans at a charity baseball game practice. But the Democrats have rejected our system of government.This isnt dissent. Its not disagreement.You can hate the other party. You can think theyre the worst thing that ever happened to the country. But then you work harder to win the next election. When you consistently reject the results of elections that you dont win, what you want is a dictatorship.Your very own dictatorship.The only legitimate exercise of power in this country, according to the left, is its own. Whenever Republicans exercise power, its inherently illegitimate.The attacks on Trump show that elections dont matter to the left.Republicans can win an election, but they have a major flaw. Theyre not leftists.Thats what the leftist dictatorship looks like.The left lost Congress. They lost the White House. So what did they do? They began trying to run the country through Federal judges and bureaucrats.Every time that a Federal judge issues an order saying that the President of the United States cant scratch his own back without his say so, thats the civil war.Our system of government is based on the constitution, but thats not the system that runs this country.The lefts system is that any part of government that it runs gets total and unlimited power over the country.If its in the White House, then the president can do anything. And I mean anything. He can have his own amnesty for illegal aliens. He can fine you for not having health insurance. His power is unlimited.Hes a dictator.But when Republicans get into the White House, suddenly the President cant do anything. He isnt even allowed to undo the illegal alien amnesty that his predecessor illegally invented.A Democrat in the White House has discretion to completely decide every aspect of immigration policy. A Republican doesnt even have the discretion to reverse him.Thats how the game is played. Thats how our country is run.When Democrats control the Senate, then Harry Reid and his boys and girls are the sane, wise heads that keep the crazy guys in the House in check.But when Republicans control the Senate, then its an outmoded body inspired by racism.When Democrats run the Supreme Court, then it has the power to decide everything in the country. But when Republicans control the Supreme Court, its a dangerous body that no one should pay attention to.When a Democrat is in the White House, states arent even allowed to enforce immigration law. But when a Republican is in the White House, states can create their own immigration laws.Under Obama, a state wasnt allowed to go to the bathroom without asking permission. But under Trump, Jerry Brown can go around saying that California is an independent republic and sign treaties with other countries.The Constitution has something to say about that.Whether its Federal or State, Executive, Legislative or Judiciary, the left moves power around to run the country. If it controls an institution, then that institution is suddenly the supreme power in the land.This is what I call a moving dictatorship.There isnt one guy in a room somewhere issuing the orders. Instead theres a network of them. And the network moves around.If the guys and girls in the network win elections, they can do it from the White House. If they lose the White House, theyll do it from Congress. If they dont have either one, theyll use the Supreme Court.If they dont have either the White House, Congress or the Supreme Court, theyre screwed.Right.They just go on issuing them through circuit courts and the bureaucracy. State governments announce that theyre independent republics. Corporations begin threatening and suing the government.Theres no consistent legal standard. Only a political one.Under Obama, states werent allowed to enforce immigration laws. That was the job of the Federal government. And the states werent allowed to interfere with the job that the Feds werent doing.Okay.Now Trump comes into office and starts enforcing immigration laws again. And California announces its a sanctuary state and passes a law punishing businesses that cooperate with Federal immigration enforcement.So what do we havehere illegal for states to enforce immigration law because thats the province of the Federal government. But its legal for states to ban the Federal government from enforcing immigration law.The only consistent pattern here is that the left decided to make it illegal to enforce immigration law.It may do that sometimes under the guise of Federal power or states rights. But those are just fronts. The only consistent thing is that leftist policies are mandatory and opposing them is illegal.Everything else is just a song and dance routine.Thats how it works. Its the moving dictatorship. Its the tyranny of the network.You cant pin it down. Theres no one office or one guy. Its a network of them. Its an ideological dictatorship. Some people call it the deep state. But that doesnt even begin to capture what it is.To understand it, you have to think about things like the Cold War and Communist infiltration.A better term than Deep State is Shadow Government.Parts of the Shadow Government arent even in the government. They are wherever the left holds power. It can be in the non-profit sector and among major corporations. Power gets moved around like a New York City shell game. Wheres the quarter? Nope, its not there anymore.The shadow government is an ideological network. These days it calls itself by a hashtag #Resistance. Under any name, it runs the country. Most of the time we dont realize that. When things are normal, when theres a Democrat in the White House or a bunch of Democrats in Congress, its business as usual.Even with most Republican presidents, you didnt notice anything too out of the ordinary. Sure, the Democrats got their way most of the time. But thats how the game is usually played.Its only when someone came on the scene who didnt play the game by the same rules, that the network exposed itself. The shadow government emerged out of hiding and came for Trump.And thats the civil war.This is a war over who runs the country. Do the people who vote run the country or does this network that can lose an election, but still get its agenda through, run thecountry been having this fight for a while. But this century things have escalated.They escalated a whole lot after Trumps win because the network isnt pretending anymore. It sees the opportunity to delegitimize the whole idea of elections.Now the network isnt running the country from cover. Its actually out here trying to overturn the results of an election and remove the president from office.Its rejected the victories of two Republican presidents this century.And if we dont stand up and confront it, and expose it for what it is, its going to go on doing it in every election. And eventually Federal judges are going to gain enough power that they really will overturn elections.It happens in other countries. If you think it cant happen here, you havent been paying attention to the left.Right now, Federal judges are declaring that President Trump isnt allowed to govern because his Tweets show hes a racist. How long until they say that a president isnt even allowed to take office because they dont like hisviews where were headed.Civil wars swing around a very basic question. The most basic question of them all. Who runs thecountry it me? Is it you? Is it Grandma? Or is it bunch of people who made running the government into theircareer was founded on getting away from professional government. The British monarchy was a professional government. Like all professional governments, it was hereditary. Professional classes eventually decide to pass down their privileges to their kids.America was different. We had a volunteer government. Thats what the Founding Fathers built.This is a civil war between volunteer governments elected by the people and professional governments elected by well uh themselves.Of the establishment, by the establishment and for the establishment.You know, the people who always say they know better, no matter how many times they screw up, because theyre the professionals. Theyve been in Washington D.C. politics since they were in diapers.Freedom can only exist under a volunteer government. Because everyone is in charge. Power belongs to the people.A professional government is going to have to stamp out freedom sooner or later. Freedom under a professional government can only be a fiction. Whenever the people disagree with the professionals, theyre going to have to get put down. Thats just how it is. No matter how its disguised, a professional government is tyranny.Ours is really well disguised, but if it walks like a duck and locks you up like a duck, its a tyranny.Now whats the left.Forget all the deep answers. The left is a professional government.Its whole idea is that everything needs to be controlled by a big central government to make society just. That means everything from your soda sizes to whether you can mow your lawn needs to be decided in Washington D.C.Volunteer governments are unjust. Professional governments are fair. Thats the credo of the left.Its network, the one we were just discussing, it takes over professional governments because it shares their basic ideas. Professional governments, no matter who runs them, are convinced that everything should run through the professionals. And the professionals are usually lefties. If they arent, they will be.Just ask Mueller and establishment guys like him.What infuriates professional government more than anything else? An amateur, someone like President Trump who didnt spend his entire adult life practicing to be president, taking over the job.President Trump is what volunteer government is all about.When youre a government professional, youre invested in keeping the system going. But when youre a volunteer, you can do all the things that the experts tell you cant be done. You can look at the mess were in with fresh eyes and do the common sense things that President Trump is doing.And common sense is the enemy of government professionals. Its why Trump is such a threat.A Republican government professional would be bad enough. But a Republican government volunteer does that thing youre not supposed to do in government think differently.Professional government is a guild. Like medieval guilds. You cant serve in if youre not a member. If you havent been indoctrinated into its arcane rituals. If you arent in the club.And Trump isnt in the club. He brought in a bunch of people who arent in the club with him.Now were seeing what the pros do when amateurs try to walk in on them. They spy on them, they investigate them and they send them to jail. They use the tools of power to bring them down.Thats not a free country.Its not a free country when FBI agents who support Hillary take out an insurance policy against Trump winning the election. Its not a free country when Obama officials engage in massive unmasking of the opposition. Its not a free country when the media responds to the other guy winning by trying to ban the conservative media that supported him from social media. Its not a free country when all of the above collude together to overturn an election because the guy who wasnt supposed to win, won.Were in a civil war between conservative volunteer government and leftist professional government.The pros have made it clear that theyre not going to accept election results anymore. Theyre just going to make us do whatever they want. Theyre in charge and we better do what they say.Thats the war were in. And its important that we understand that.Because this isnt a shooting war yet. And I dont want to see it become one.And before the shooting starts, civil wars are fought with arguments. To win, you have to understand what the big picture argument is. Its easy to get bogged down in arguments that dont matter or wont really change anything.This is the argument that changes everything.Do we have a government of the people and by the people? Or do we have a tyranny of theprofessionals Democrats try to dress up this argument in leftist social justice babble. Those fights are worth having. But sometimes we need to pull back the curtain on what this is really about.Theyve tried to rig the system. Theyve done it by gerrymandering, by changing the demographics of entire states through immigration, by abusing the judiciary and by a thousand different tricks.But civil wars come down to an easy question. Who runs thecountry given us their answer and we need to give them our answer.Both sides talk about taking back the country. But who are they taking it backfor left uses identity politics. It puts supposed representatives of entire identity groups up front. Were taking the country back for women and for black people, and so on and so forthBut nobody elected their representatives.Identity groups dont vote for leaders. All the black people in the country never voted to make Shaun King al Al Sharpton their representative. And women sure as hell didnt vote for Hillary Clinton.What we have in America is a representative government. A representative government makes freedom possible because it actually represents people, instead of representing ideas.The lefts identity politics only represents ideas. Nobody gets to vote on them.Instead the left puts out representatives from different identity politics groups, theres your gay guy, theres three women, theres a black man, as fronts for their professional government system.When theyre taking back the country, its always for professional government. Its never for the people.When conservatives fight to take back the country, its for the people. Its for volunteer government the way that the Founding Fathers wanted it to be.This is a civil war over whether the American people are going to govern themselves. Or are they going to be governed.Are we going to have a government of the people, by the people and for the people or are we going to have a government.The kind of government that most countries have where a few special people decide whats best for everyone.We tried that kind of government under the British monarchy. And we had a revolution because we didnt like it.But that revolution was met with a counterrevolution by the left. The left wants a monarchy. It wants King Obama or Queen Oprah.It wants to end government of the people, by the people and for the people. Thats what theyre fighting for. Thats what were fighting against. The stakes are as big as theyre ever going to get. Do elections matteranymore live in the state of Ronald Reagan. I can go visit the Ronald Reagan Library any time I want to. But today California has one party elections. There are lots of elections and propositions. Theres all the theater of democracy, but none of the substance. Its political system is as free and open as the Soviet Union.And that can be America.The Trump years are going to decide if America survives. When his time in office is done, were either going to be California or a free nation once again.The civil war is out in the open now and we need to fight the good fight. And we must fight to win. <N> Columnist Charles Krauthammer wrote a weekly political column that ran on Fridays. He was also a Fox News commentator and appeared nightly on Special Report with Bret Baier. Krauthammer joined The Post as a columnist in 1984, and he received the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1987 for his witty and insightful columns on national issues. Krauthammer began his journalism career at the New Republic, where he was a writer and editor and won the 1984 National Magazine Award for Essays and Criticism. Before going into journalism, he was a speechwriter for Vice President Walter Mondale in 1980, he helped direct planning in psychiatric research for the Carter administration, and he practiced medicine for three years as a resident and then chief resident in psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital. Krauthammer was born in New York City and grew up in Montreal, Quebec. He attended McGill University, Balliol College, Oxford and Harvard Medical School. He died on June 21, 2018. <N> Charles Krauthammer: Interesting take on President Trump To my friends "of a different persuasion" I'm not trying to sell anything or anyone but I do feel this is an interesting take on our very controversial president who I truly believe is not Republican or Democrat. A TAKE ON DONALD TRUMP A different take on Donald Trump: (a non-political agenda) Trump Is Not A Liberal or Conservative, He's a "Pragmatist." (Definition: A pragmatist is someone who is practical and focused on reaching a goal. A pragmatist usually has a straightforward, matter-of-fact approach and doesn't let emotion distract him or her.) "We recently enjoyed a belated holiday dinner with friends at the home of other friends. The dinner conversation varied from discussions about antique glass and china to theology and politics. At one point, reference was made to Donald Trump being a conservative, to which I responded that Trump is not a conservative. I said that I neither view nor do I believe Trump views himself as a conservative. I stated it was my opinion that Trump is a pragmatist. He sees a problem and understands it must be fixed. He doesn't see the problem as liberal or conservative, he sees it only as a problem. That is a quality that should be admired and applauded, not condemned. But I get ahead of myself. Viewing problems from a Liberal perspective has resulted in the creation of more problems, more entitlement programs, more victims, more government, more political correctness, and more attacks on the working class in all economic strata. Viewing things according to the so-called Republican conservative perspective has brought continued spending and globalism to the detriment of American interests and well being, denial of what the real problems are, weak, ineffective, milquetoast, leadership that amounts to Barney Fife Deputy Sheriff, appeasement oriented and afraid of its own shadow. In brief, it has brought liberal ideology with a pachyderm as a mascot juxtaposed to the ass of the Democrat Party. Immigration isn't a Republican problem, it isn't a Liberal problem, it is a problem that threatens the very fabric and infrastructure of America. It demands a pragmatic approach not an approach that is intended to appease one group or another. The impending collapse of the economy wasn't a Liberal or Conservative problem, it is an American problem. That said, until it is viewed as a problem that demands a common sense approach to resolution, it will never be fixed because the Democrats and Republicans know only one way to fix things and the longevity of their impracticality has proven to have no lasting effect. Successful businessmen like Donald Trump find ways to make things work, they do not promise to accommodate. Trump uniquely understands that China's manipulation of currency is not a Republican problem or a Democrat problem. It is a problem that threatens our financial stability and he understands the proper balance needed to fix it. Here again, successful businessmen like Trump who have weathered the changing tides of economic reality understand what is necessary to make business work, and they, unlike both sides of the political aisle, know that if something doesn't work, you don't continue trying to make it work hoping that at some point it will. As a pragmatist, Donald Trump hasn't made wild pie-in-the-sky promises of a cell phone in every pocket, free college tuition, and a $15 hour minimum wage for working the drive-through at Carl's Hamburgers. I argue that America needs pragmatists because pragmatists see a problem and find ways to fix them. They do not see a problem and compound it by creating more problems. You may not like Donald Trump, but I suspect that the reason some people do not like him is because: (1) he is antithetical to the "good old boy" method of brokering backroom deals that fatten the coffers of politicians; (2) they are unaccustomed to hearing a president speak who is unencumbered by the financial shackles of those who he owes vis-a-vis donations; (3) he is someone who is free of idiomatic political ideology; (4) he says what he is thinking, is unapologetic for his outspoken thoughts, speaks very straightforward using everyday language that can be understood by all (and is offensive to some who dislike him anyway) making him a great communicator, for the most part, does what he says he will do and; (5) he is someone who understands that it takes more than hollow promises and political correctness to make America great again. Listening to Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders talk about fixing America is like listening to two lunatics trying to "out crazy" one another. Jeb Bush, John Kasich and Marco Rubio are owned lock, stock, and barrel by the bankers, corporations, and big dollar donors funding their campaigns. Bush can deny it, but common sense tells anyone willing to face facts is that people don't give tens of millions without expecting something in return We have had Democrats and Republican ideologues and what has it brought us? Are we better off today or worse off? Has it happened overnight or has it been a steady decline brought on by both parties? I submit that a pragmatist is just what America needs right now. People are quick to confuse and despise confidence as arrogance, but that is common among those who have never accomplished anything in their lives (or politicians who never really solved a problem, because it's better to still have an "issue(s) to be solved," so re-elect me to solve it, (which never happens) and those who have always played it safe (again, all politicians) not willing to risk failure, to try and achieve success). Donald Trump put his total financial empire at risk in running for president and certainly did not need or possibly even want the job; that says it all. He wants success for the U.S. and her citizens because he loves his country! <N> Trump Is Not Conservative, He's A Pragmatist  a couple of years ago We recently enjoyed a belated holiday dinner with friends at the home of other friends. The dinner conversation was jocund, ranging from discussions about antique glass and china to theology and politics. At one point reference was made to Donald Trump being a conservative to which I responded that Trump is not a conservative. I said that I neither view nor do I believe Trump views himself as a conservative.[highlight] I stated it was my opinion that Trump is a pragmatist. He sees a problem and understands it must be fixed. He doesnt see the problem as liberal or conservative, he sees it only as a problem. That is a quality that should be admired and applauded, not condemned. But I get ahead of myself.[/highlight] Viewing problems from a liberal perspective has resulted in the creation of more problems, more entitlement programs, more victims, more government, more political correctness, and more attacks on the working class in all economic strata. Viewing things according to the so-called Republican conservative perspective has brought continued spending, globalism to the detriment of American interests and well being, denial of what the real problems are, weak, ineffective, milquetoast, leadership that amounts to Barney Fife Deputy Sheriff  appeasement oriented and afraid of its own shadow. In brief, it has brought liberal ideology with a pachyderm as a mascot juxtaposed to the ass of the Democrat Party. script> Immigration isnt a Republican problem  it isnt a liberal problem  it is a problem that threatens the very fabric and infrastructure of America. It demands a pragmatic approach not an approach that is intended to appease one group or another. The impending collapse of the economy isnt a liberal or conservative problem it is an American problem. That said, until it is viewed as a problem that demands a common sense approach to resolution, it will never be fixed because the Democrats and Republicans know only one way to fix things and the longevity of their impracticality has proven to have no lasting effect. Successful businessmen like Donald Trump find ways to make things work, they do not promise to accommodate. Trump uniquely understands that Chinas manipulation of currency is not a Republican problem or a Democrat problem. It is a problem that threatens our financial stability and he understands the proper balance needed to fix it. Here again successful businessmen like Trump who have weathered the changing tides of economic reality understand what is necessary to make business work and they, unlike both sides of the political aisle, know that if something doesnt work you dont continue trying to make it work hoping that at some point it will. As a pragmatist Donald Trump hasnt made wild pie-in-the-sky promises of a cell phone in every pocket, free college tuition, and a $15 hour minimum wage for working the drive-through a Carls Hamburgers. I argue that America needs pragmatists because pragmatists see a problem and find ways to fix them. They do not see a problem and compound it by creating more problems. You may not like Donald Trump but I suspect that the reason people do not like him is because: 1) he is antithetical to the good old boy method of brokering backroom deals that fatten the coffers of politicians; 2) they are unaccustomed to hearing a candidate speak who is unencumbered by the financial shackles of those who own them vis-a`-vis donations; 3) he is someone who is free of idiomatic political ideology; and 4) he is someone who understands that it takes more than hollow promises and political correctness to make America great again. Listening to Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders talk about fixing America is like listening to two lunatics trying to out crazy one another. Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio are owned lock, stock, and barrel by the bankers, corporations, and big dollar donors funding their campaigns. Bush can deny it but common sense tells anyone willing to face facts that people dont give tens of millions without expecting something in return. We have had Democrats and Republican ideologues and what has it brought us? Are we better off today or worst off? Has it happened overnight or has it been a steady decline brought on by both parties? I submit that a pragmatist might be just what America needs right now. And as I said earlier, a pragmatist sees a problem and understands that the solution to fix same is not about a party, but a willingness and boldness to get it done. People are quick to confuse and despise confidence as arrogance but that is common amongst those who have never accomplished anything in their lives and who have always played it safe not willing to risk failure. TAKE ACTION: Every $1 helps The Daily Rant reach 1,000 new readers with this article. PLEASE CHOOSE ONE: [ci-button url=_LINKS_ [ci-button url=_LINKS_ [ci-button url=_LINKS_ <N> Trump's Military Parade Could Cost As Much As $50 Million Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP Picture this: troops in vintage uniforms marching through the streets as military aircraft carve the skies overhead, all in a grand celebration of Veterans Day and the 100th anniversary of the end of World War I. That is one scenario taking shape as the Pentagon maps out options for the military parade President Trump has requested. In response to Trump's request, the Department of Defense has worked up five options, with price tags ranging from $3 million to as much as $50 million, a U.S. official told NPR. Meanwhile, White House budget director Mick Mulvaney told the House Budget Committee on Wednesday that "very preliminary" estimates he had seen put the cost at between $10 million and $30 million "depending on the size of the parade, the scope of it, the length of it, those kinds of things." "Obviously an hour parade is different than a five-hour parade in terms of the cost and the equipment and those types of things," Mulvaney added. Trump has said he wants to try to top the French Bastille Day parade he attended last year in Paris, which lasted just over two hours. "We had a lot of planes going over and we had a lot of military might, and it was really a beautiful thing to see," Trump said in September, describing the French parade from two months earlier. "They had representatives from different wars and different uniforms. It was really so well done." You can see the influence of that parade in what the White House requested the Pentagon plot out, right down to the uniforms from wars past. According to the official, the request was for a parade that would take place on Veterans Day, with a World War I theme, featuring military aircraft, heavy armored vehicles  possibly including tanks  and troops from all the services taking part. Troops wearing World War I uniforms are also in the mix. The last military parade through the streets of Washington, D.C., was in 1991, to celebrate victory in Operation Desert Storm. There also were parades at the conclusion of the Civil War, World War I and World War II. There isn't a tradition of military parades in the U.S. outside of war victories and Cold War-era presidential inaugurations. And 16 years into the war in Afghanistan, there is no clear path to victory. By potentially tying the parade to the 100th anniversary of the end of the "War To End All Wars," there may be an effort to associate with the tradition of celebrating war victories and avoid associations with countries like North Korea, China and Russia, which regularly hold military parades, in part for the propaganda value. Members of Congress from both parties have been critical of the idea of a military parade, questioning its cost and necessity. "I think confidence is silent and insecurity is loud," said Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) last week to reporters in the Capitol. "America is the most powerful country in all of human history; you don't need to show it off." Three White House spokesmen did not respond to a request for comment about the emerging details and cost estimates, but last week, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders described the president's motivation. "President Trump is incredibly supportive of America's great service members who risk their lives every day to keep our country safe," she said. "He has asked the Department of Defense to explore a celebration at which all Americans can show their appreciation." <N> President Trumps vision of soldiers marching and tanks rolling down the boulevards of Washington is moving closer to reality in the Pentagon and White House, where officials say they have begun to plan a grand military parade later this year showcasing the might of Americas armed forces. Trump has long mused publicly and privately about wanting such a parade, but a Jan. 18 meeting between Trump and top generals in the Pentagons tank  a room reserved for top-secret discussions  marked a tipping point, according to two officials briefed on the planning. Surrounded by the militarys highest-ranking officials, including Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., Trumps seemingly abstract desire for a parade was suddenly heard as a presidential directive, the officials said. The marching orders were: I want a parade like the one in France, said a military official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the planning discussions are supposed to remain confidential. This is being worked at the highest levels of the military. Shows of military strength are not typical in the United States  and they dont come cheap. The cost of shipping Abrams tanks and high-tech hardware to Washington could run in the millions, and military officials said it was unclear how they would pay for it. A White House official familiar with the planning described the discussions as brainstorming and said nothing was settled. Right now, theres really no meat on the bones, said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe internal discussions. [Trumps military parade is one massive troll, complete with tanks] After The Washington Post first published this story, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders issued a statement confirming that plans are underway. President Trump is incredibly supportive of Americas great service members who risk their lives every day to keep our country safe, Sanders said. He has asked the Department of Defense to explore a celebration at which all Americans can show their appreciation. French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron, left, and President Trump and first lady Melania Trump, right, stand in front of American and French flags held by soldiers at the end of the annual Bastille Day military parade last July. (STEPHEN CROWLEY/AFP/Getty Images) The Pentagon also confirmed the plans following The Posts initial report. We are aware of the request and are in the process of determining specific details. We will share more information throughout the planning process, Defense Department spokesman Thomas Crosson said in a statement. The inspiration for Trumps push is last years Bastille Day celebration in Paris, which the president attended as a guest of French President Emmanuel Macron. Trump was awestruck by the tableau of uniformed French troops marching down Avenue des Champs-Elysees with military tanks, armored vehicles, gun trucks and carriers  complete with fighter jets flying over the Arc de Triomphe and painting the sky with streaks of blue, white and red smoke for the colors of the French flag. Aboard Air Force One en route home from Paris in July, aides said Trump told them that he was dazzled by the French display and that he wanted one at home. [Trump revels in French military pomp far from White House turmoil] It was still on his mind two months later when he met with Macron on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly in New York. It was one of the greatest parades Ive ever seen, Trump told reporters. It was two hours on the button, and it was military might, and I think a tremendous thing for France and for the spirit of France. Seated next to Macron, Trump added: Were going to have to try to top it. Several administration officials said the parade planning began in recent weeks and involves White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly, but they cautioned that it is in the preliminary stages. D.C. officials said they had not been notified of parade plans. A date has not been selected, although officials said Trump would like to tie the parade to a patriotic holiday. Officials are weighing weather patterns as well as competing events, such as the massive annual Independence Day celebration on the Mall. Trump officials had discussed Memorial Day on May 28, and July 4, but the Pentagon prefers Veterans Day on Nov. 11  in part because it would coincide with the 100th anniversary of the victorious end of World War I and therefore be less associated with the president and politics. Thats what everyone is hoping, said the military official. It is unclear what role Trump would play, whether he may perhaps serve as a grand marshal or observe the spectacle from a reviewing stand. The location is still being discussed, though Trump has said he would like it to proceed along Pennsylvania Avenue, which links the Capitol and the White House. It would be the same route as Trumps inaugural parade and pass by his familys showpiece: Trump International Hotel. President Trump and his wife, Melania Trump, attend the traditional Bastille Day military parade in Paris last July. (Chesnot/Getty Images) Even before he was sworn in as president, Trump was dreaming of Americas war machine on display in front of the White House or Capitol. Were going to show the people as we build up our military, Trump said in an interview with The Washington Post before his inauguration. . . . That military may come marching down Pennsylvania Avenue. That military may be flying over New York City and Washington, D.C., for parades. I mean, were going to be showing our military. [Trump loves a military parade  its one reason hes heading to Paris] But big military parades  even those launched with the best of intentions  carry risks and troublesome historical echoes. With a few exceptions  such as President George H.W. Bushs 1991 parade down Constitution Avenue celebrating victory in the Persian Gulf War  presidents have avoided displays of military hardware that are more associated in the American mind with the Soviet Unions Red Square celebrations or, more recently, North Korean leader Kim Jong Uns efforts to show off his Taepodong missiles. I dont think theres a lack of love and respect for our armed forces in the United States, said Douglas Brinkley, a presidential historian at Rice University. What are they going to do, stand there while Donald Trump waves at them? It smacks of something you see in a totalitarian country  unless theres a genuine, earnest reason to be doing it. [The military parade that Trump envisions was more common in another era] The White House official rejected the suggestion that some associate a military parade with strongmen, saying it would be a celebration of the men and women who give us freedom. Thats the opposite of a totalitarian government, the official said. Troops march over Arlington Memorial Bridge as they head toward the Pentagon during the National Victory Day Parade on June 8, 1991. The parade celebrated the end of the Gulf War. (Doug Mills/AP) Weaponry on the streets of Washington is not unheard of. Presidents Harry S. Truman and John F. Kennedy had military equipment during their inaugural parades, in 1949 and 1961 respectively, during key junctures in the Cold War, said Michael Beschloss, another presidential historian. Set against the backdrop of American history, it does seem to hark back to the harsh days of the Cold War, Beschloss said. Those parades were a counterpoint to the parades in front of Lenins tomb at Red Square . . . One reason the Soviets had those parades was to distract the world from the fact that the Soviet military was actually much weaker than the Soviets were claiming. But generally, the United States has shied away from parading its military assets, calculating that doing so was not necessary for the worlds preeminent superpower. There is no law or regulation preventing Trump from putting on a military parade, but there are plenty of potential complications that military leaders are likely to raise with the president. One worry is practical: that 70-ton tanks built for the battlefield would chew up Pennsylvania Avenue blacktop. The military might also want to weigh in on the kind of equipment on parade. One concern is that big displays of missile launchers might evoke Pyongyang-style nationalism more than American patriotism. [Military leaders consolidate power in Trump administration] A parade would probably be interpreted as another stroke of nuclear gamesmanship. Tensions between North Korea and the United States have risen over the past year as Trump and Kim have taunted each other with playground nicknames and threats. After Kim warned last month that he had a nuclear button on his desk, Trump replied: Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works! The White House official said a parade would have nothing to do with Trumps feuds with Kim but would be designed as a broad show of strength to send a warning to all of Americas adversaries. A North Korean Taepodong-class missile is displayed during a military parade marking the 60th anniversary of the Korean War armistice in Pyongyang on July 27, 2013. (ED JONES/AFP/Getty Images) Then there are the domestic pitfalls. At a time when Mattis and his top generals have been complaining about the state of military readiness and lobbying Congress for more money, pulling equipment off line for a costly parade could send the wrong signal. There are personal risks for Trump, as well. Although he attended a military high school, Trump did not serve in the armed forces, avoiding the draft during the Vietnam War by claiming bone spurs. Critics have called Trump disingenuous for basking in the militarys glory. Honoring the troops without politicizing their service has long been a dilemma for presidents. President Barack Obamas frequent focus on wounded troops fighting to resume their lives struck the wrong chord with some conservatives. One of George W. Bushs biggest blunders as president came in 2003 when he landed on an aircraft carrier bearing a Mission Accomplished banner to claim victory in the Iraq War. Former aides say Bush would have loved a big parade, but they recognized a problem: The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan never ended. Such subtleties  the United States is now dropping bombs in seven countries  dont seem to have factored into Trumps calculations. With the midterm elections approaching and Trumps approval ratings at historic lows, the lure of honoring the troops is powerful. Who flipped the coin for the Super Bowl on Sunday? asked Peter Feaver, a former Bush White House official and professor at Duke University. It was Medal of Honor winners. Why? The military brings us together. But Feaver also issued a warning for Trump, who is known for his excesses. A military parade, he said, is the kind of thing that can easily be overdone. Read more: Why Trumps military parade wont be like the one in France Trump and Macron, once cast as adversaries, show they have much in common <N> Petit-fascist Donald Trump may finally get his very own military parade. At last he will be able to put on a Napoleon costume and parade about under the big top like "Tom Thumb" in P.T. Barnum's circus. As both The Washington Post and New York Times reported on Wednesday, Trump has apparently told Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, that he wants "a military parade in Washington similar to the Bastille Day parade he witnessed in Paris in July." An unnamed military official told the Post that the "marching orders were: I want a parade like the one in France. . . . This is being worked at the highest levels of the military." Trump's proposed parade has already been widely criticized because it will be wasteful, embarrassing, and beneath the dignity and honor of the United States military and its service people. Trump is indifferent to those concerns. As a would-be despot, Trump considers a military parade as his personal rite of power. On this point, he is correct. Such displays are expected from an authoritarian. And like his heroes and role models of despotic power, including Vladimir Putin, Saddam Hussein, Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdogan and China's Xi Jinping, Trump will not be denied his own martial spectacle. For an authoritarian, a military parade fulfills several roles. It celebrates and announces the great leader's power by intimidating his foes both international and domestic. The authoritarian leader is the literal physical embodiment of the State. He imagines himself to be strong and powerful. By implication, the military parade is a public display of that supposed truth. Because they are "masculine" ideologies, fascism and other types of authoritarian ideologies rely upon and emphasize phallocentric imagery. Donald Trump is obsessed with the size of his penis: He has mentioned his "great" organ many times, both during interviews as well as presidential debates. A military parade is the logical extension of Trump and other right-wing ideologues' obsessions with masculine virility and potency. Fascist and other authoritarian regimes embrace militant nationalism as one of their guiding principles. As Wilhelm Reich, the psychoanalyst and student of Nazi Germany, so astutely observed, the military parade is a display of uniformity, coordinated movement and libidinal energy -- in total, a manifestation of right-wing aesthetics -- that provides emotional meaning and coherence for authoritarian regimes and their public. The military parade is also an attempt by the authoritarian leader to shift attention away from scandals (here, the Robert Mueller investigation and Trump's likely collusion with Russia) as well as other failures both at home and abroad. It is tempting to mock Trump's military parade as an example of his malignant narcissism and male insecurities. But to dismiss or make fun of Trump's military parade is also to diminish the threat posed by its potent symbolic politics and the social pathology and anti-democratic impulses shared by the tens of millions of Americans who voted Trump into office. To wit. Political scientists Marc Hetherington and Jonathan Weiler have documented a decades-long increase in authoritarian values among the American people -- and this is especially true for conservatives and right-leaning independents. In one survey from 2015, 43 percent of Republicans reported that under some circumstances they would support a military coup in the United States. As reported by The Washington Post, 52 percent of Republicans in a recent poll said they would support postponing or delaying the 2020 election if Trump proposed such a scenario. Only 30 percent of millennials believe that it is "essential" to live in a democracy. Trump voters give Vladimir Putin, a foreign dictator, a higher approval rating than Hillary Clinton, a former secretary of state and U.S. senator. Donald Trump only cares about remaining popular among his base of racist, bigoted, lonely, angry and resentful white voters. He is their avatar as well as preacher, teacher and hero all combined in one person. This is a love affair. As recently reported by Gallup, 90 percent of Republicans approve of the petit-fascist demagogue Donald Trump. Trump's planned military parade will feature the rumbling of tanks, the tread of marching boots and the roar of jets in the capital of what was once the world's leading democracy. Those who exist outside of the right-wing echo chamber and its bubble of lies and ignorance will see this spectacle as one more example of how Donald Trump continues to threaten and erode America's democratic norms. But what will Trump's human deplorables see? How will they feel? Trump will be made to look powerful. His followers will feel strong and patriotic. Trump appeals to the lowest common denominator of civic virtue and intellect. For his supporters, his appeal is simultaneously both superficial and visceral. Ultimately, Trump's opponents in the so-called Resistance continue to lose because they are persistent in their belief that reason and intellect will eventually win over the right-wing mob. They will not. <N> We simply don't think a national-level parade is appropriate while we continue to have Americas sons and daughters in harms way, Colonel David Lapan, spokesman for General Martin Dempsey, the chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff, said in 2012 when there were calls for a ticker-tape parade in New York to mark the end of the second Iraq war. Julian E. Zelizer, a professor of history at Princeton University, said some Americans are criticizing Trumps proposed parade not because they dont support the military, but because, in contrast to other countries, the U.S. has always wanted to imagine ourselves celebrating values that go beyond the military. Contrasting the U.S. to the Soviets, he said: We were always defining ourselves by our ideals. It may not have have been true, but thats how we did it: freedom, liberty, and even the market rather than through power. They had arms to win over countries. And we had ideals. If that is shed, [then] for some people we come closer to military power being the basis of our strength. Military parades have long been an annual feature in other countries. Russia still holds an impressive one each year, as do authoritarian countries such as China and North Korea, which is holding its own military parade Thursday. So do states looking to out-flex their rivals: India and Pakistan; Greece and Turkey. Military parades can even be a feature of Western democracies like France, whose military parade on Bastille Day so impressed Trump that he wanted a grander one. Benjamin Haddad, a research fellow at Hudson Institute specializing in European and trans-Atlantic affairs, said the French parade is not only not controversial, its quite popular. I wouldn't say it's a central moment in the French Republic. It happens every Bastille Day. People like it. Kids like to watch it. I don't think it's overhyped or overplayed, he said. I think a lot of French people would be surprised to see that it has gotten so much attention here and its being copied. The roots of the Bastille Day parade lie in Frances defeat in the Franco-Prussian war in 1870. The parade began in 1880 as a reaction to that defeat, as a way to reclaim national pride, and clearly in a context of nationalism, Haddad said. But it has modernized quite a bit since thenespecially over the past decade. Now it has become customary to invite foreign leaders, as was the case with Trump this year, or foreign troops to the parade as well, Haddad said. You have European flags. It has become quite modern. Its not a nationalistic or militaristic parade. Indeed, the French military band even played Daft Punk last year. Still, Haddad said, the French will be amused that Trump wants to emulate their parade. The French actually appreciate the fact that even if we do have policy disagreements, the two countries and the two presidents have good relations, and that the French president is respected by the American president, he said. The fact that Trump wants to emulate the parade, I think, will amuse  the French. <N> Trump Wants Pentagon To Stage Military Parade Down Pennsylvania Avenue Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP Updated at 4 p.m. ET President Trump, apparently inspired by the Bastille Day parade he witnessed last summer during a trip to Paris, has asked the Pentagon to look into staging something similar  but naturally bigger and better  for Washington, D.C., the White House confirmed Tuesday. A U.S. official confirmed the request to NPR. On Tuesday evening, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders shared in a statement that "President Trump is incredibly supportive of America's great service members who risk their lives every day to keep our country safe." She added, "He has asked the Department of Defense to explore a celebration at which all Americans can show their appreciation." YouTube On Wednesday at the White House briefing, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis addressed the president's request for a military parade: "I think we are all aware in this country of the president's affection and respect for the military. We've been putting together some options. We'll send them to the White House for a decision." U.S. presidents have long shied away from such displays of military prowess  which typically include tanks, missiles and, in some cases, goose-stepping soldiers  for fear of being compared to Washington's Cold War adversaries, where such displays have traditionally been potent symbols of state power. Those countries include Russia (and, formerly, the Soviet Union), China and North Korea. Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP "To have a military parade without the end of a war or an inaugural or some big reason in Washington, D.C., that is out of our tradition," presidential historian Michael Beschloss told NPR. Beschloss points to the 1950s, when Dwight D. Eisenhower was president and Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev presided over large military parades showing off the latest in Soviet military might. Beschloss says some in the White House approached Eisenhower, himself a decorated military general, suggesting the U.S. do the same, to show off American might. "Eisenhower said absolutely not, we are the pre-eminent power on Earth," Beschloss says, recalling Eisenhower's response. "For us to try to imitate what the Soviets are doing in Red Square would make us look weak." While the U.S. puts on various annual July 4 and Veterans Day parades, as The Associated Press notes, those typically do not include such "gaudy displays of military hardware." The parade takes shape The president's wish, first expressed months ago, seems to have gone from a "seemingly abstract desire" to something closer to a presidential directive at a meeting between Trump and top generals last month, according to The Washington Post. At the Jan. 18 meeting at the Pentagon that included Mattis and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., "The marching orders were: I want a parade like the one in France," a military official who spoke on condition of anonymity was quoted by the Post as saying. "This is being worked at the highest levels of the military." Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP Back in September, at the start of a bilateral meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron, Trump praised the Bastille Day parade and said he was hoping "to do something like that on July 4 in Washington, down Pennsylvania Avenue." Trump added, "We're going to have to try and top it," explaining that one of his earliest calls upon returning from France last July was to get the wheels turning on an American version, "having a really great parade to show our military strength." "I'm speaking with Gen. Kelly and with all of the people involved, and we'll see if we can do it this year," Trump said. Although Trump talked about July 4, a date for such a parade has reportedly not been determined and the Pentagon prefers Veterans Day in November, according to the Post. The location also has yet to be decided, but the newspaper says the president wants it to proceed along Pennsylvania Avenue, a route that would send it past the White House, the Capitol and the Trump International Hotel. Not without precedent The last U.S. military parade, in 1991, celebrated victory in the Gulf War. Some 8,800 veterans of Desert Storm, led by Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf, marched down Constitution Avenue in Washington. Street lights were removed along the parade route to make it easier for tanks to maneuver. At least 200,000 people gathered to watch. Both of Eisenhower's inaugural parades and the parade for John F. Kennedy included missiles and other military hardware, a practice that has fallen out of fashion. Trump's request has already drawn criticism  especially on Twitter  from people voicing concerns about how much the parade will cost, the message the parade will send and what it says about the president's priorities. Others support Trump's request, saying that a military parade is a great way to honor service men and women. <N> June 8, 1991 1991-06-08T21:26:54-04:00 _LINKS_ Bands played, troops marched, flags flew and military weaponry and equipment rolled down Constitution Avenue during the $12 million National Victory Celebration Parade in Washington, DC. The parade, marching before a reviewing stand where the president, vice-president, members of the Cabinet and their spouses watched the proceedings, was the main event in the National Victory Celebration marking the victory of the Persian Gulf war. Stealth bombers, Patriot missiles, tanks, and other military hardware were featured in the parade, as were hundreds of troops from the war. A huge crowd applauded the weapons and troops as they passed down Constitution Avenue. Narration was provided for the parade by Major General Streeter, commanding general for the military district of Washington, and Willard Scott, weatherman and television personality. Bands played, troops marched, flags flew and military weaponry and equipment rolled down Constitution Avenue during the $12 million read more <N> This article first appeared on RobertReich.org. Donald Trumps first-100-days agenda includes repealing environmental regulations, Obamacare and the Dodd-Frank Act, giving the rich a huge tax cut and much worse. Heres the first-100-days resistance agenda (with thanks to Alan Webber): 1. Get Democrats in the Congress and across the country to pledge to oppose Trumps agenda. Prolong the process of approving choices, draw out hearings, stand up as sanctuary cities and states. Take a stand. Call your senator and your representative (phone calls are always better than writing). Your senators number. Your representatives number. 2. March and demonstratein a coordinated, well-managed way. The 1 Million Women March is already scheduled for the inaugurationand will be executed with real skill. See here. There will be sister marches around the countryin L.A. and elsewhere. They need to be coordinated and orchestrated. And then? One million Muslims? One million Latinos? What would keep the momentum alive and keep the message going? 3. Boycott all Trump products, real estate, hotels, resorts, everything. And then boycott all stores (like Nordstrom) that carry merchandise from Trump family brands. See here. 4. Letters to editors: A national letter-writing campaign, from people all over the country, every walk of life and every level of society, from celebrities to sports heroes to grassroots Americans. In most papers, the letters-to-the-editor section is the most-read part of the paper. Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now 5. Op-eds: A steady flow of arguments about the fallacies and dangers of Trumps first-100-days policies and initiatives, from name-brand thinkers and doers to ordinary folk writing for their citys or communitys newspaper. 6. Social media: What about a new YouTube channel devoted to video testimonials about resisting Trumps first-100-days agenda? Crowd-sourced ideas, themes and memes. Who wants to start it? 7. Set up a website containing up-to-date daily bulletins on what actions people are planning around the country, and where, so others can join in. Techies, get organized. 8. Investigative journalism: We need investigative journalists to dig into the backgrounds of all of Trumps appointees in the White House, in the Cabinet, ambassadors and judges. 9. Lawsuits: Our version of Drill, baby, drill is Sue, baby, sue. Throw sand in the gears. Lawyers, get organized. 10. Coordinated fundraising: Rather than having every public-interest group appeal on their own, have a coordinated fundraising program to fill the coffers of the most endangered and effective opposition groups. Is there a way to do a televised fundraiser with celebrities raising money for the resistance? 11. Symbolic opposition: Safety pins are already appearing. What else? What more? Make the resistance visible with bumper stickers, lapel pins, a branding campaign that has great language, a great logo, a great wristband (remember the Lance Armstrong Livestrong yellow wristbandit sold millions!). 12. Intellectual opposition: Take Trump on where hes weakestwith serious ideas. Ill try to do my part. You do yours too. 13. Serious accountability: Establish performance metrics to evaluate his delivery on his campaign promises. An updated website of promises made and not kept. This is one especially suited to public-policy students. 14. Your idea goes here. Call a meeting of family and friends this weekend. Come up with to-dos. The first-100-days resistance agenda. Were not going away. Robert Reich is the Chancellors Professor of Public Policy at the University of California, Berkeley, and a senior fellow at the Blum Center for Developing Economies. He served as secretary of labor in the Clinton administration, and Time magazine named him one of the 10 most effective Cabinet secretaries of the 20th century. He has written 14 books, including the best-sellers Aftershock, The Work of Nations and Beyond Outrage and, most recently, Saving Capitalism. He is also a founding editor of The American Prospect magazine, chairman of Common Cause, a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and co-creator of the award-winning documentary Inequality for All. <N> Robert B. Reich is Chancellor's Professor of Public Policy at the University of California at Berkeley and Senior Fellow at the Blum Center for Developing Economies. He served as Secretary of Labor in the Clinton administration, for which Time Magazine named him one of the ten most effective cabinet secretaries of the twentieth century. He has written fifteen books, including the best sellers "Aftershock", "The Work of Nations," and"Beyond Outrage," and, his most recent, "The Common Good," which is available in bookstores now. He is also a founding editor of the American Prospect magazine, chairman of Common Cause, a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and co-creator of the award-winning documentary, "Inequality For All." He's co-creator of the Netflix original documentary "Saving Capitalism," which is streaming now. <N> We sent an e-mail questionnaire to every candidate running in the local November election. Here's what we received in return from Marshall Kamena, who is running for city council. Dr. Marshall Kamena, Mayor of Livermore, Nov, 2001-Nov, 2011. City council member from 1976-1985 & mayor in 1979-1980 under old system of selecting mayors from city council ranks. He is a graduate of UC Berkeley with a BS and an OD degree. He still maintains his license to practice Medical Optometry and treat eye diseases. However his former practice is now a corporation called Murrieta Optometry with his son as the principal and doctor in charge. The mayor devotes full time to his position in the city of Livermore. Wife, Barbara, native of Livermore, a St. Michael School and Livermore High graduate. Retired Art and Spanish teacher in Livermore School District. Graduated in Art & French with B. A, and M.A. in Art from University of California, Berkeley. Two children, both Berkeley graduates, Dr. Scott Kamena, a Medical Optometrist, and Dr. Todd Kamena, a Dentist. Both practice on Murrieta Boulevard in Livermore and reside here with their children. Dr. Scott has a daughter, Audrey, 6; sons, Evan, 3 and Nolan, 10 months. Dr. Todd has one son, David, 2. Scott's wife, Jennifer, is a former Alameda County Prosecutor. Todd's wife, Margaret, is a former 4th grade teacher. Livermore appointments to interagency boards and commissions: Alameda County Transit Commission, 2005 to present; Alameda County Transportation Improvement Agency, 2002-2010; Local Agency Formation Commission (LAFCO), 2007-present; Livermore Amador Valley Transportation Authority, 2001-present and former Board Chair; Regional & Hi Speed Rail Policy Group: presiding officer, 2006-present; Member and present Board Chair: Livermore-Pleasanton Fire Dept. Board of Directors JPA, 2001-present; Member & Past President: Alameda County Mayor's Conference: 2001-present; Livermore-Pleasanton Water Reclamation Agency, 1978-1981; Livermore iGate & iHub Board of Directors member, 2010-present; Member & Chairman of the Board of Community Television Channels 28, 29 and 30, 2006-present. I am also the City of Livermore representative on the Board of Directors of the Chamber of Commerce. He is also a founding director of the Livermore Redevelopment Agency. Five issues, in order of importance, which inspired me to run for Livermore City Council: 1) I wanted to define the limits or boundaries of the City of Livermore and create city centered growth and revitalization of our core area of downtown, not just sprawl to Tracy. Highway 84 needed to be removed from its First Street route to Isabel Blvd. with a new interchange at I-580. I then proposed a Downtown Specific Plan and 3300 homes to complement that plan. It is well underway. Our downtown is busy with activity and we have 900% more businesses in the city. 2) I wanted to bring a major regional shopping center to town. A 150+ store regional High-end Factory Outlet center which will ultimately house 1,000,000 (million) square feet of shopping opportunities has broken ground and will be ready for the holidays in 2012. 3) We needed more local jobs. I sponsored legislation to bring LLNL and Sandia National Labs into our city through annexation. In concert with the I-Gate initiative the labs have declassified a large section now known as the LVOC, or Livermore Valley Open Campus. This is now on target to bring 5,000 new jobs, beyond the 2,100 new jobs at the outlet center, with over a Billion dollar impact to the Tri-Valley. 4) A 14 screen movie theater and performing arts live theater was an issue. I arranged a land swap in a 3-way transaction series to acquire a place for the movie house, the Station Square Townhouses on Railroad Ave, and the placement of the Bankhead Theater. The 2,000 seat regional theater will be located in the completely new center formerly occupied by the demolished Lucky Store and associated businesses. 5) BART to Livermore and a regional Catholic High School shared the fifth issue which inspired me to run for office in Livermore. The BART issue is finally "on-track" with specific right of way acquisition and engineering to get the first phase to approximately Isabel for the initial BART station. I hired Frank Wilson, a former BART general manager, to direct our expansion on I580 to Greenville Road. He was responsible for the two big expansions for BART while in charge of that agency. He is a national authority on transit planning and expansion. We still need a 4 star hotel downtown, a rail transfer Station or Hub close to the Labs, a University campus at the LVOC, four lanes for Isabel/highway84, the Stoneridge Drive extension to Jack London Boulevard, the Dublin Boulevard extension to North Canyons Parkway, and more housing and commercial development just east of downtown. I am a past president of the Livermore Chamber of Commerce and of the Livermore Lions Club. Last year I received the citizen of the year award. Kamena writes: I have the best job in the City as member of the city council and Mayor. It's exciting and satisfying to spend my full time efforts on your behalf. Our budget is balanced and costs are slashed with necessary Public Safety services maintained. Through partnerships with local, regional and national public officials and business executives I have been Livermore's leader in the following projects: extensive award-winning Downtown renewal; the 14 screen movie and the performing arts Theaters; the El Charro I-580 fabulous outlet shopping center with 2100 new jobs; the Urban Growth Boundary; Parks and Master Trails completion, Annexation of Livermore and Sandia National Laboratories; Jack London and Stoneridge Drive extensions to complete the road to hospital; Isabel/I-580 interchange; highway 84 removal from downtown; Charter School Expansion; Wheels "Rapid" BART shuttle buses; East Bay Region-wide emergency radio system for Fire and Police; Heritage Estates senior housing with assisted care options; Freeway auto row businesses; and the BART to Livermore project along I-580. Most are completed, but many remain that I want to finish. With my commissions' seniority and established contacts I will finish those jobs and assist the upcoming Mayor with the Catholic High School, a new downtown 4star Hotel (now under negotiation) and the Business and Technology Center adding 5,000 new jobs to the Tri-Valley. <N> John Marchand Mayor Livermore is a city of 84,852 residents. Located approximately fifty miles east of San Francisco, Livermore is home to two world-renowned national laboratories, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Sandia National Laboratory. Livermore's heritage includes some of the oldest vineyards in California, and a tradition of cattle ranching. Today, our city continues to expand its wine-making industry and celebrate its cowboy tradition with an annual rodeo. Livermore's local and regional economy is strong and diverse. Our inclusion within the Northern aspect of the Silicon Valley and other major Northern California market and employment centers enables us to benefit from business development and expansion, while preserving the quality of life that originally brought people to Livermore. In addition, Livermore's award winning Downtown is a popular destination for dining and shopping in the East Bay. Livermore has an urban growth boundary that protects open space. The South Livermore Plan has resulted in impressive contributions to acreage devoted to viticulture. The South Livermore Plan also allowed us to double the size of Sycamore Grove Park. With the passage of Measure L, a $150 million bond issue supporting an expansion of our public facilities, a new Civic Center Library and a new Community Center have been built. The remainder of the Measure L funds are used to upgrade and maintain the City's schools. These improvements enhance Livermore's reputation as a great place to raise a family! Las Positas College is expanding to meet the needs of the Valley. In March 2004, voters approved Measure B, a capital improvement bond for the Chabot-Las Positas Community College District. As a result of Measure B, a significant renovation and expansion project is underway at the Las Positas campus. Recently, the community college has opened a new center for the Arts, a multi-disciplinary education building and an aquatics center and soccer field. To stay up to date on what is happening in the Livermore community, check out the Annual Livermore Valley Chamber of Commerce Mayor's State of the City Address and the State of the City Mayor's Town Hall presentation. You may also watch the Tri-Valley Community Television's Mayors Report. The character and heritage of Livermore truly makes our community a special place to live and work! John Marchand Mayor <N> Application Guidelines 1) Contact the Livermore City Clerk to confirm that your registered address qualifies you for the position you intend to run for, and that you meet other office specific qualifications. 2) Complete the qualifying papers and submit the nonpartisan qualifying papers to the Livermore City Clerk. Inquire as to if the qualifying must be accompanied by either a qualifying fee or petition papers in lieu of a qualifying fee. 3) Submit the qualifying papers accompanied by either the qualifying fee or petition papers during the stipulated qualifying times, which can be inquired from the clerk. If you have any questions please contact your Livermore City Clerk at (925) 960-4200 Submit application to: Livermore City Clerk, 1052 S Livermore Ave, Livermore, CA, 94550, US <N> The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com. My Leftist friends (as well as many ardent #NeverTrumpers) constantly ask me if Im not bothered by Donald Trumps lack of decorum. They ask if I dont think his tweets are beneath the dignity of the office. Heres my answer: We Right-thinking people have tried dignity. There could not have been a man of more quiet dignity than George W. Bush as he suffered the outrageous lies and politically motivated hatreds that undermined his presidency. We tried statesmanship. Could there be another human being on this earth who so desperately prized collegiality as John McCain? We tried propriety  has there been a nicer human being ever than Mitt Romney? And the results were always the same. This is because, while we were playing by the rules of dignity, collegiality and propriety, the Left has been, for the past 60 years, engaged in a knife fight where the only rules are those of Saul Alinsky and the Chicago mob. I dont find anything dignified, collegial or proper about Barack Obamas lying about what went down on the streets of Ferguson in order to ramp up racial hatreds because racial hatreds serve the Democratic Party. I dont see anything dignified in lying about the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi and imprisoning an innocent filmmaker to cover your tracks. I dont see anything statesman-like in weaponizing the IRS to be used to destroy your political opponents and any dissent. Yes, Obama was articulate and polished but in no way was he in the least bit dignified, collegial or proper. The Left has been engaged in a war against America since the rise of the Children of the 60s. To them, it has been an all-out war where nothing is held sacred and nothing is seen as beyond the pale. It has been a war theyve fought with violence, the threat of violence, demagoguery and lies from day one  the violent take-over of the universities  till today. The problem is that, through these years, the Left has been the only side fighting this war. While the Left has been taking a knife to anyone who stands in their way, the Right has continued to act with dignity, collegiality and propriety. With Donald Trump, this all has come to an end. Donald Trump is Americas first wartime president in the Culture War. During wartime, things like dignity and collegiality simply arent the most essential qualities one looks for in their warriors. Ulysses Grant was a drunk whose behavior in peacetime might well have seen him drummed out of the Army for conduct unbecoming. Had Abraham Lincoln applied the peacetime rules of propriety and booted Grant, the Democrats might well still be holding their slaves today. Lincoln rightly recognized that, I cannot spare this man. He fights. General George Patton was a vulgar-talking, son-of-a-bitch. In peacetime, this might have seen him stripped of rank. But, had Franklin Roosevelt applied the normal rules of decorum, then Hitler and the Socialists would barely be five decades into their thousand-year Reich. Trump is fighting. And whats particularly delicious is that, like Patton standing over the battlefield as his tanks obliterated Rommels, hes shouting, You magnificent bastards, I read your book! That is just the icing on the cake, but its wonderful to see that not only is Trump fighting, hes defeating the Left using their own tactics. That book is Saul Alinskys Rules for Radicals  a book so essential to the Liberals war against America that it is and was the playbook for the entire Obama administration and the subject of Hillary Clintons senior thesis. It is a book of such pure evil, that, just as the rest of us would dedicate our book to those we most love or those to whom we are most indebted, Alinsky dedicated his book to Lucifer. Trumps tweets may seem rash and unconsidered but, in reality, he is doing exactly what Alinsky suggested his followers do. First, instead of going after the fake media  and they are so fake that they have literally gotten every single significant story of the past 60 years not just wrong, but diametrically opposed to the truth, from the Tet Offensive to Benghazi, to what really happened on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri  Trump isolated CNN. He made it personal. Then, just as Alinsky suggests, he employs ridicule which Alinsky described as the most powerful weapon of all. Everyone gets that its not just CNN  in fact, in a world where Al Sharpton and Rachel Maddow, Paul Krugman and Nicholas Kristof are people of influence and whose reporting is in no way significantly different than CNNs  CNN is just a piker. Most importantly, Trumps tweets have put CNN in an untenable and unwinnable position. With Trumps ability to go around them, they cannot simply stand pat. They need to respond. This leaves them with only two choices. They can either go high (as Hillary would disingenuously declare of herself and the fake news would disingenuously report as the truth) and begin to honestly and accurately report the news or they can double-down on their usual tactics and hope to defeat Trump with twice their usual hysteria and demagoguery. The problem for CNN (et al.) with the former is that, if they were to start honestly reporting the news, that would be the end of the Democratic Party they serve. It is nothing but the incessant use of fake news (read: propaganda) that keeps the Left alive. Imagine, for example, if CNN had honestly and accurately reported then-candidate Barack Obamas close ties to foreign terrorists (Rashid Khalidi), domestic terrorists (William Ayers), the mafia (Tony Rezko) or the true evils of his spiritual mentor, Jeremiah Wrights, church. Imagine if they had honestly and accurately conveyed the evils of the Obama administrations weaponizing of the IRS to be used against their political opponents or his running of guns to the Mexican cartels or the truth about the murder of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and the Obama administrations cover-up. This makes going high a non-starter for CNN. This leaves them no other option but to ratchet up the fake news, conjuring up the next nothing burger and devoting 24 hours a day to hysterical rants about how its worse than Nixon. This, obviously, is what CNN has chosen to do. The problem is that, as they become more and more hysterical, they become more and more obvious. Each new effort at even faker news than before and faker outrage only makes that much more clear to any objective observer that Trump is and always has been right about the fake news media. And, by causing their hysteria, Trump has forced them into numerous, highly embarrassing and discrediting mistakes. Thus, in their desperation, they have lowered their standards even further and run with articles so clearly fake that, even with the liberal (lower case l) libel laws protecting the media, theyve had to wholly retract and erase their stories repeatedly. Their flailing at Trump has even seen them cross the line into criminality, with CNN using their vast corporate fortune to hunt down a private citizen for having made fun of them in an Internet meme. This threat to dox  release of personal information to encourage co-ideologists to visit violence upon him and his family -- a political satirist was chilling in that it clearly wasnt meant just for him. If it were, there would have been no reason for CNN to have made their deal with him public. Instead, CNN  playing by Chicago Rules  was sending a message to any and all: dissent will not be tolerated. This heavy-handed and hysterical response to a joke on the Internet has backfired on CNN, giving rise to only more righteous ridicule. So, to my friends on the Left  and the #NeverTrumpers as well -- do I wish we lived in a time when our president could be collegial and dignified and proper? Of course I do. These arent those times. This is war. And its a war that the Left has been fighting without opposition for the past 50 years. So, say anything you want about this president  I get it, he can be vulgar, he can be crude, he can be undignified at times. I dont care. I cant spare this man. He fights. Evan Sayet is the author of The KinderGarden of Eden: How The Modern Liberal Thinks. His lecture to the Heritage Foundation on this same topic remains, some ten years later, by far the single most viewed lecture in their history. Evan can be reached at _EMAIL_ <N> This life will go by fast. Dont fight with people, dont criticize your body so much, dont complain so much. Dont lose sleep over your bills. Look for the person that makes you happy. If you make a mistake, let it go and keep seeking your happiness. Never stop being a good parent. Dont worry so much about buying luxuries and comforts for your home, and dont kill yourself trying to leave an inheritance for your family. Those benefits should be earned by each person, so dont dedicate yourself to accumulating money. Enjoy, travel, enjoy your journeys, see new places, give yourself the pleasures you deserve. Allow dogs to get closer. Dont put away the fine glassware. Utilize the new dinnerware; dont save your favorite perfume, use it to go out with yourself; wear out your favorite sport shoes; repeat your favorite clothes. So what? Thats not bad. Why not now? Why not pray now instead of waiting until before you sleep? Why not call now? Why not forgive now? We wait so long for Christmas; for Friday; for Reunions; for another year; for when I have money; for love to come; when everything is perfect look Everything perfect doesnt exist. Human beings cant accomplish this because it simply was not intended to be completed here. Here is an opportunity to learn. So take this challenge that is life and do it now Love more, forgive more, embrace more, love more intensely and leave the rest in Gods hands. Amen.  Pope Francis* *Please note this message may not have come from Pope Francis after all! After some basic research, weve determined that this message was posted on Facebook by a doctor in the Philippines on or about about August 9th, 2017. It was then copied and posted by Dr. Mata, also in the Philippines. On August 11th, it was posted on Facebook by a travel agency specializing in pilgrimages. From there, it went viral, gathering more than 250,000 shares. It has been discussed thoroughly in blogs and in a few printed newspapers. It caught the attention of at least one Catholic priest who promoted the writing and added commentary. So far, weve not found an official statement from the Vatican to confirm its authenticity. That said, and regardless of the true author, we believe they are good words to live by! <N> This life will go by fast. Don't fight with people, don't criticize your body so much, don't complain so much. Don't lose sleep over your bills. Look for the person that makes you happy. If you make a mistake, let it go and keep seeking your happiness. Never stop being a good parent. Don't worry so much about buying luxuries and comforts for your home, and don't kill yourself trying to leave an inheritance for your family. Those benefits should be earned by each person, so don't dedicate yourself to accumulating money. Enjoy, travel, enjoy your journeys, see new places, give yourself the pleasures you deserve. Allow dogs to get closer. Don't put away the fine glassware. Utilize the new dinnerware; don't save your favorite perfume, use it to go out with yourself; wear out your favorite sport shoes; repeat your favorite clothes. So what? That's not bad. Why not now? Why not pray now instead of waiting until before you sleep? Why not call now? Why not forgive now? We wait so long for Christmas; for Friday; for Reunions; for another year; for when I have money; for love to come; when everything is perfect...look... Everything perfect doesn't exist. Human beings can't accomplish this because it simply was not intended to be completed here. Here is an opportunity to learn. So take this challenge that is life and do it now...love more, forgive more, embrace more, love more intensely and leave the rest in God's hands. Amen. <N> Olha, esta vida vai passar rpido, no brigue com as pessoas, no critique tanto seu corpo, no reclame tanto, no perca o sono pelas contas, no deixe de beijar seus pais, no preocupe-se tanto em deixar a casa impecvel, deixe os cachorros mais por perto, no fique guardando as taas, use os talheres novos, no economize tanto seu perfume predileto, use-o para passear com voc mesmo, gaste seu tnis predileto, repita suas roupas prediletas, e da? Se no  errado, por que no ser agora? Por que no dar uma fugida? Por que no orar agora ao invs de esperar para orar antes de dormir? Por que no ligar agora? Por que no perdoar agora? Espera-se muito o natal, a sexta-feira, o outro ano, quando tiver dinheiro, quando o amor chegar, quando for perfeito Olha, no vai ser perfeito, o ser humano no consegue atingir isso porque ele simplesmente no foi feito para se completar aqui Ento, aproveite este ensaio de vida e faa o agora, faa tudo que quiser desde que no deixe Deus triste. Sabe a vida abundante que Deus prometeu? Bom,  esta, que voc enche todos os dias de pequenas esperanas sem culpar-se por divertir-se, sem julgar-se por ser to simples e feliz com o pouco. Olha, desconfio que os bobos acabam sendo mais felizes. <N> Krauthammer is about the best and brightest journalist and political analyst we have, in my opinion. His words of warning in the below message should be taken seriously and spread throughout the country so as many of our citizens as possible are made aware of what is happening right under our noses! An article from the New York Post: Krauthammer is about the best and brightest journalist and political analyst we have, in my opinion. His words of warning in the below message should be taken seriously and spread throughout the country so as many of our citizens as possible are made aware of what is happening right under our noses! An article from the New York Post: Krauthammer is about the best and brightest journalist and political analyst we have, in my opinion. His words of warning in the below message should be taken seriously and spread throughout the country so as many of our citizens as possible are made aware of what is happening right under our noses! An article from the New York Post: I do not understand how living in a country with its democracy established over 200 years ago, and now, for the first time in history, suddenly we have one of our former presidents set up a group called "Organizing for Action" (OFA). OFA is 30,000+ strong and working to disrupt everything that our current presidents administration is trying to do. This organization goes against our Democracy, and it is an operation that will destroy our way of governing. It goes against our Constitution, our laws, and the processes established over 200 years ago. If it is allowed to proceed then we will be living in chaos very much like third world countries are run. What good is it to have an established government if it is not going to be respected and allowed to follow our laws? If you had an army some 30,000 strong and a court system stacked over the decades with judges who would allow you to break the laws, how much damage could you do to a country? We are about to find out in America! Our ex-president said he was going to stay involved through community organizing and speak out on the issues and that appears to be one post-administration promise he intends to keep. He has moved many of his administration's top dogs over to Organizing for Action. OFA is behind the strategic and tactical implementation of the resistance to the Trump Administration that we are seeing across America, and politically active courts are providing the leverage for this revolution. OFA is dedicated to organizing communities for "progressive" change. Its issues are gun control, socialist healthcare, abortion, sexual equality, climate change, and of course, immigration reform. OFA members were propped up by the ex-president's message from the shadows: "Organizing is the building block of everything great we have accomplished Organizers around the country are fighting for change in their communities and OFA is one of the groups on the front lines. Commit to this work in 2017 and beyond." OFA's website says it obtained its "digital" assets from the ex-president's re-election effort and that he inspired the movement. In short, it is the shadow government organization aimed at resisting and tearing down the Constitutional Republic we know as AMERICA. Paul Sperry, writing for the New York Post, says, The OFA will fight President Donald Trump at every turn of his presidency and the ex-president will command them from a bunker less than two miles from the White House." Sperry writes that, The ex-president is setting up a shadow government to sabotage the Trump administration through a network of non-profits led by OFA, which is growing its war chest (more than $40 million) and has some 250 offices nationwide. <N> The Daily Jot Daily reporting and analysis of current events from a biblical and prophetic perspective The perilous times we live in NOTE : When writing about God and Jesus, The Daily Jot means YHVH as God and Yeshua Ha Mashiach as Jesus--the actual original names and the true nature and character of them. Monday, February 13, 2017 If you had an army some 30,000 strong and a court system stacked over the decades with judges who would allow you to break the laws, how much damage could you do to a country? We are about to find out in America. The ex-"president" said he was going to stay involved through community organizing and speak out on the issues, and that appears to be one post-administration promise he intends to keep. He has moved many of his administration's top dogs over to an organization called Organizing for Action (OFA). OFA is behind the strategic and tactical implementation of the Marxist resistance we are seeing across America, and politically active courts are providing the leverage for this revolution. OFA is dedicated to organizing communities for progressive change, meaning Marxist revolution. Issues are gun control, socialist healthcare, abortion, sexual equality, climate change, and of course, immigration reform. OFA members were propped up by the ex-"president's" message from the shadows: "Organizing is the building block of everything great we've accomplished. Organizers around the country are fighting for change in their communities-and OFA is one of the groups on the front lines...Commit to this work in 2016 and beyond." OFA's website says it obtained its "digital" assets from the ex-"president's" re-election effort and that he inspired the movement. In short, it's the shadow government organization aimed at resisting and tearing down the Constitutional Republic, picking up where Communist Party America leaves off. Paul Sperry, writing for the New York Post, says OFA is an army of agitators 30,000 strong who will fight President Donald Trump at every turn of his presidency and the ex-"president" "will command them from a bunker less than two miles from the White House." Sperry writes that the ex-"president" is setting up a shadow government to sabotage the incoming administration through a network of leftist nonprofits led by OFA, which is growing its war chest (more than $40 million) and has some 250 offices nationwide. OFA IRS filings, according to Sperry, indicate OFA has 32,525 volunteers nationwide. The ex-"president" and his wife will oversee the operation from their foundation office near the White House. Think about how this works-Trump issues an immigration executive order; OFA signals for protests and statements from Islamic and pro-immigrant leftist groups; ACLU lawyers file lawsuits in jurisdictions where activist judges obstruct the laws; volunteers are called to protest at airports and Congressional town hall meetings; the leftist media springs to action; the twittersphere lights up with revolutionary social media; violence follows-all emanating from the ex-"president's" signal that he is heartened by the protests. Speaking of the end times, the Apostle Paul wrote in 2 Timothy 3:1-3, "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come. For men shall be...without natural affection, truce-breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good." Indeed, perilous times are ahead for us and our nation. Have a Blessed and Powerful Day! Bill Wilson www.dailyjot.com PS. Please use the "Share This Email" link below to pass this on to as many people as you can! DESPERATE SITUATIONS REQUIRE DESPERATE MEASURES By Pastor William Agbeti Esi (not a real name) is a young girl of about 11 years, who does not know her age. She hails from the Volta Region of Ghana and now lives with a female relative and the husband in a very small makeshift room, only a block away from the Redeemer House, in a fast growing rural area in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana. Looking very emaciated, sad and shabbily dressed, she lives a life that can best be described as total slavery. From dusk to dawn, she goes about fetching water, doing grocery, sweeping, cooking, washing dishes, handling laundry and undertaking odd jobs around the house. The poor child, unfortunately, does not attend school. When she comes to the Redeemer House to fetch water, she does so with dispatch; apparently afraid of her "parents". Esi's life poses a great challenge to us. The child desperately needs help, but how do we intervene? Do we report her "parents" to the authorities? Do we walk in and speak to them? Or do we simply help her with dresses and food? What about her schooling? If Esi's situation looks very bad to you, understand it is the "ideal" situation many young ones and their parents back in Esi's hometown and other villages are actually looking forward to: a home and a new life in the big towns or cities for their wards, irrespective of conditions of living. There are thousands of Esis, and their male counterparts, Kwesis, all over Ghana. How can our ministry help all these young folks? The best way out is perhaps to extend a helping hand to an Esi or Kwesi, one at a time; beginning with the Esi that we know. We are praying and believing God to go ahead of us as we plan to visit Esi's "parents" this week to offer the child some clothing, shoes, underwear, food and a small sum of money. Whilst visiting, we will use the opportunity to discuss possible support for her schooling. Esi no doubt is in a desperate situation, and as we all know, desperate SITUATIONS require desperate MEASURES. Would you please join us on this mission to reach out to Esi to help touch and change a life for good? You may please be specific as to what you want your support to accomplish in Esi's life. God bless you for caring, sharing and serving Christ through Esi and our ministry. Bless you. KEEP READING Donate Today The Daily Jot is totally reader supported. My wife, Chris, and I do not take a salary or receive any remuneration for this work. Your gifts go directly to assisting us in maintaining this column, the website, outreach, and the Lord's work we do in Ghana, West Africa. Thank you for your prayers and support. Have a Blessed and Powerful Day, Bill Wilson The Daily Jot <N> Dallas Cowboys' Dez Bryant, from left, head coach Jason Garrett and Jason Witten (82) stand during the playing of the national anthem before a preseason NFL football game against the Houston Texans on Thursday Sept. 1, 2016, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Michael Ainsworth) Kaepernick, in the quarterback's own words, refuses to "show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color." Several players, including Kaepernick, knelt in protest during Week 1. The number of NFL players doing so continues to increase. It started with San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick sitting during The Star-Spangled Banner before an Aug. 26 preseason game. Jerry Jones is pleased that none of the Dallas Cowboys players or coaches have protested the national anthem. He's disappointed in those who have. The Cowboys all stood while the national anthem played during their season opener Sunday afternoon. "I got to give a big pat on the back to our entire team, our coaching staff, our entire organization," Jones said Tuesday morning on 105.3 The Fan's Shan and RJ show [KRLD-FM]. "We strongly, strongly support the flag. In every way, we support -- it's almost ridiculous to be saying it -- the people that for generations and generations have given it all up so we can get out here and show off in front of millions of people on television. We respect that so much. That's the real business. "The forum of the NFL and the forum on television is a very significant thing. I'm for it being used in every way we can to support the great, great contributors in our society and that's people that have supported America, the flag, and there's no reason not to go all out right there. For anybody to use parts of that visibility to do otherwise is really disappointing." Twitter: @jonmachota Get the latest Cowboys news here | Follow dmn_cowboys on Twitter | Like our Cowboys Facebook page here <N> Matt York/Associated Press The Dallas Cowboys completed a teamwide demonstration before the start of the national anthem Monday night. Players, coaches and owner Jerry Jones all locked arms and took a knee in a sign of unity: However, the entire roster stood up at attention by the time the national anthem began, as Bleacher Report's Mike Freeman noted. There were audible boos from the crowd at the initial kneeling. The Arizona Cardinals took a different approach before the Monday Night Football game, locking arms with military members during the anthem itself, as captured by Fox Sports: Teams around the NFL made demonstrations in Week 3 following the recent comments from President Donald Trump, who called for those who kneel to be fired. According to the Associated Press, more than 200 players protested during the national anthem Sunday, including three teams who remained off the field during the ceremony. The Cowboys reportedly had a difficult time deciding how to proceed. Todd Archer of ESPN reported shortly before the game that details hadn't been worked out about the planned unity statement. Head coach Jason Garrett had previously called the national anthem "sacred," and he didn't expect any demonstrations from his players as of Saturday. <N> Fans cheer the national anthem before an NFL football game between the Dallas Cowboys and the Green Bay Packers at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Oct. 8, 2017, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News) Fans stand during the national anthem before the Green Bay Packers vs. the Dallas Cowboys NFL football game at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas on Sunday, October 8, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News) ARLINGTON -- Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said Sunday that any of his players who disrespect the flag during the national anthem won't play in games. Jones is the first NFL owner to publicly make a stand about disciplining players who kneel during the anthem. Jones didn't specify what kind of other demonstration he would consider disrespectful. Cowboys defensive linemen Damontre' Moore and David Irving stood alongside teammates during the national anthem before Sunday's home game against Green Bay at AT&T Stadium. At the conclusion of the anthem, the two players raised their fists. "I don't know about that. But if there is anything that is disrespectful to the flag then we will not play," Jones said after the Cowboys' 35-31 loss. "You understand? If we are disrespecting the flag then we won't play. Period. "We're going to respect the flag, and I'm going to create the perception of it. And we have." Jones addressed the media for 22 minutes after the game. He spent the final seven minutes talking about how he's adamant that Cowboys and other NFL players should stand for the national anthem in the wake of dozens of players around the league kneeling the first five weeks of the season. Jones' strong stand for respecting the flag was sparked when he was asked about Vice President Mike Pence walking out of the 49ers-Colts game Sunday in Indianapolis after about a dozen San Francisco players took a knee during the anthem. It was the latest move by President Donald Trump's administration to oppose NFL players who don't stand for the anthem. Pence took to Twitter to explain why he left the game suddenly: "I left today's Colts game because [Trump] and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem." Jones was asked about his thoughts on Pence leaving the 49ers-Colts game. "We cannot in the NFL in any way give the implication that we tolerate disrespecting the flag," Jones said. "I know the vice president did leave, because in his opinion the teams were. We know that there is a serious debate in this country about those issues, but there is no question in my mind that the National Football League and the Dallas Cowboys are going to stand up for the flag. Just so we're clear. "I'm saying our vice president, if in his opinion, there's disrespect of the flag then he should express himself however he wants to say. He's got rights, too. He felt that not standing for the flag is disrespectful. I do, too. The league in my mind should absolutely take the rules we've got on the books and make sure that we do not give the perception that we're disrespecting the flag." Moore and Irving acknowledged after the game raising their fists at the conclusion of Sunday's anthem. Irving, who made his season debut Sunday after a four-game suspension for violating the league's drug policy, declined to detail why he raised his fist. He said he wants the action to speak for itself. Moore, who was suspended the first two games for violating the league's substance abuse policy, said he's raised his fist at the conclusion of the anthem the last three games. "It's just something that I do," Moore said. "I've got my morals, I've got my values on the things that I think about. I don't want to bring unwarranted attention, but at the same time there are certain things people are doing it for." Moore said he doesn't believe his demonstration is disrespectful to the flag. He said he has several family members with military backgrounds, including a brother who just returned from a tour of duty in Germany. "Everybody is entitled to their opinion," Moore said. "Who is to say I'm right? Who is to say that they're right and I'm wrong? At the end of the day you do whatever you do, but I know that I'm going to stand up and not disrespect the flag. I don't do anything to cause unwarranted attention during that process. Whatever I do afterwards, I don't feel like it should matter, honestly." No Cowboys player has knelt during the anthem during the last month as pressure has mounted across the league with more and more demonstrations. <N> WHEN a man knows he is to be hanged, Samuel Johnson once said, it concentrates his mind wonderfully. Unless, of course, that man is Donald Trump. Out of the nine presidential campaigns Ive covered, Ive never seen anything as absurd as the motley crew of Trump advisers agonizing over how to delicately, in soothing tones, tiptoe up to the proudly uninformed megalomaniac and broach the topic of more rigorous debate prep. Or, even more hilariously, trick him into practicing for the second contest so he doesnt repeat his oblivious shame spiral. In a country roiling with fears about terrorism, race relations and economic inequality, Trump managed to get fixated on the fact that a former Miss Universe gained a few pounds  and to gnaw on that issue for a week after leaving Hofstra, while mainlining bacon cheeseburgers. And this weekend, Trump was ensnared in another sensational story about the lascivious way he talks about women. The denizens of Trumpworld  and furious and flummoxed Republicans  are dealing with a highchair king who gets huffy when he sees his advisers and allies acknowledging the obvious on TV: that he struggled in the first debate and that he should cease the self-immolating, misogynistic 3 a.m. tweets. <N> The country had signaled strongly in the last two midterms that they were not happy. The Dems answer was to give them more of the same from a person they did not like or trust. Preaching  and pandering  with a message of inclusion, the Democrats have instead become a party where incivility and bad manners are taken for granted, rudeness is routine, religion is mocked and there is absolutely no respect for a differing opinion. This did not go down well in the Midwest, where Trump flipped three blue states and 44 electoral votes. The rudeness reached its peak when Vice President-elect Mike Pence was booed by attendees of Hamilton and then pompously lectured by the cast. This may play well with the New York theater crowd but is considered boorish and unacceptable by those of us taught to respect the office of the president and vice president, if not the occupants. Here is a short primer for the young protesters. If your preferred candidate loses, there is no need for mass hysteria, canceled midterms, safe spaces, crying rooms or group primal screams. You might understand this better if you had not received participation trophies, undeserved grades to protect your feelings or even if you had a proper understanding of civics. The Democrats are now crying that Hillary had more popular votes. That can be her participation trophy. If any of my sons had told me they were too distraught over a national election to take an exam, I would have brought them home the next day, fearful of the instruction they were receiving. Not one of the top 50 colleges mandate one semester of Western Civilization. Maybe they should rethink that. <N> Trump is on target for what he promises to all Americans. The left isnt that happy about the way he introduced the campaign, and told everyone that he dreams of big and safe America. Hillarys supporters and the media came up with everything they could ever think of in order to get Trump out of the game. Not so fast, people! Your audio doesnt mean a thing. Even Graham told everyone how he sees things, and that brought joy to everyone who cares about this country. Unlike people who hate Trump, he said a few good words that surprised us all. In a good way, of course. In your face, haters! They are epitome of hypocrisy. Most of the people decrying Trump give a pass to Bill Clinton, when as president he committed adultery with an intern. They continue to give a pass to Hillary, who protects her husband despite allegations of rape. And they ignore serious crimes Hillary committed when secretary of state. On the other hand, conservatives, who believe in such virtues as forgiveness, have been willing to look passed Trumps remarks. We have enough common sense and decency to know everyone messes up, now and again, and needs our understanding and forgiveness. From Conservative Tribune: While the media couldnt understand why, Rev. Franklin Graham did. He wrote a stirring Facebook post that moved Trump so much that he re-posted it on his Facebook account. A lot of people are slamming evangelicals for supposedly giving Donald J. Trump a pass, Graham began. Thats simply not true. No one is giving him a pass. Im certainly not, and Ive not met an evangelical yet who condones his language or inexcusable behavior from over a decade ago. However, he has apologized to his wife, his family, and to the American people for this. He has taken full responsibility. This election isnt about Donald Trumps behavior from 11 years ago or Hillary Clintons recent missing emails, lies, and false statements, Graham continued. This election is about the Supreme Court and the justices that the next president will nominate. Evangelicals are going to have to decide which candidate they trust to nominate men and women to the court who will defend the constitution and support religious freedoms. My prayer is that Christians will not be deceived by the liberal media about what is at stake for future generations, Graham added. The left dont understand this, because they are mostly secular humanists. They are unable to appreciate such a powerful virtue as forgiveness, because they dont believe in a God who can forgive our every trespass. They are under the delusion that you must be perfect or else. Either you live up to their warped standards or theyll throw you under the bus. Thats what happened to Alec Baldwin a few years ago, when TMZ accused him of a homophobic remark. All his liberal buddies were quick to disown him, despite any real evidence. The left will never be able to understand, because they refuse to. They simply have their own agenda to protect, at all costs, and cannot conceive the ability to grow or change. Pro-Hillary Americans cant understand that Trump is what this country needs. They are aware of his potential, but still refuse to admit it. Well, we know that, and we support Trump. Nobody cares about your opinion, Dems! What do you think about this? Comment bellow and share this story on Facebook or Twitter to spread the truth. Comments <N> Its telling when you look at how people reacted to the 11 year old comments Trump made. The left is using this outdated and irrelevant audio as an excuse to crucify the man. Never mind the fact that theyve hated him all along, looking for any reason to attack him some more. They are epitome of hypocrisy. Most of the people decrying Trump give a pass to Bill Clinton, when as president he committed adultery with an intern. They continue to give a pass to Hillary, who protects her husband despite allegations of rape. And they ignore serious crimes Hillary committed when secretary of state. Blue Water Ads To view this video, please enable JavaScript and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video    Play Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Remaining Time -0:00 Stream Type LIVE Loaded : 0% Progress : 0%  00:00  Fullscreen  00:00  Mute  Mute  00:00 Playback Rate 1  Subtitles subtitles off  Captions captions settings captions off  Chapters Chapters X No compatible source was found for this video. Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done On the other hand, conservatives, who believe in such virtues as forgiveness, have been willing to look passed Trumps remarks. We have enough common sense and decency to know everyone messes up, now and again, and needs our understanding and forgiveness. From Conservative Tribune: While the media couldnt understand why, Rev. Franklin Graham did. He wrote a stirring Facebook post that moved Trump so much that he re-posted it on his Facebook account. A lot of people are slamming evangelicals for supposedly giving Donald J. Trump a pass, Graham began. Thats simply not true. No one is giving him a pass. Im certainly not, and Ive not met an evangelical yet who condones his language or inexcusable behavior from over a decade ago. However, he has apologized to his wife, his family, and to the American people for this. He has taken full responsibility. This election isnt about Donald Trumps behavior from 11 years ago or Hillary Clintons recent missing emails, lies, and false statements, Graham continued. This election is about the Supreme Court and the justices that the next president will nominate. Evangelicals are going to have to decide which candidate they trust to nominate men and women to the court who will defend the constitution and support religious freedoms. My prayer is that Christians will not be deceived by the liberal media about what is at stake for future generations, Graham added. The left dont understand this, because they are mostly secular humanists. They are unable to appreciate such a powerful virtue as forgiveness, because they dont believe in a God who can forgive our every trespass. They are under the delusion that you must be perfect or else. Either you live up to their warped standards or theyll throw you under the bus. Thats what happened to Alec Baldwin a few years ago, when TMZ accused him of a homophobic remark. All his liberal buddies were quick to disown him, despite any real evidence. The left will never be able to understand, because they refuse to. They simply have their own agenda to protect, at all costs, and cannot conceive the ability to grow or change. That is why they will lose. <N> Ernestine Cuellar, of Charlestown, raised her hands in prayer during a rally on Boston Common on Aug. 30. The event was conducted by evangelist Franklin Graham as part of a tour to urge evangelicals to vote. In recent elections, casting a vote for president has been a straightforward matter for Phyllis Woods. The former Republican representative from Dover, N.H., an observant Catholic who is strongly opposed to abortion, said the Republican nominee has always represented her values. But this year? Oh boy. Wow, she said. Our religious leaders, as well as all of our pro-life people, are all over the board, in dismay. Every place I go, people say, Who are we going to vote for? What are we going to do?  Advertisement She says theyre not tempted to vote for Hillary Clinton, a Democrat who champions abortion rights and defends Planned Parenthood. But she said theyre struggling over whether to back Trump, who Woods has long seen as mocking and disrespectful and insulting, as well as less qualified than his primary rivals. Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The release of an explosive 2005 videotape in which Trump spoke in crude and sexually aggressive terms about women has only deepened fissures among cultural conservatives. So have the accounts of several women who subsequently said Trump assaulted them in the past, allegations Trump denies. Some evangelical leaders urged voters to look past Trumps offensive behavior. Five years from now when were sitting here and we see all the Constitution being ripped apart by justices (appointed by Clinton), nobody is going to remember what horrible things Donald Trump said over a decade ago, Jerry Falwell Jr., president of Liberty University, said last week, according to the Religion News Service. RELATED: Is Donald Trumps voter fraud rhetoric coded racism? Others criticized that kind of thinking. Advertisement Enthusiasm for a candidate like Trump gives our neighbors ample reason to doubt that we believe Jesus is Lord, wrote Andy Crouch, executive editor of Christianity Today, an evangelical magazine founded by Billy Graham, in a sharply worded editorial entitled Speak Truth to Trump. They see that some of us are so self-interested, and so self-protective, that we will ally ourselves with someone who violates all that is sacred to us  in hope, almost certainly a vain hope given his mendacity and record of betrayal, that his rule will save us. And a backlash against Trump, especially among evangelical millennials and women, seems to be building. A group of Liberty University students published a scathing response to Falwell, writing that Falwells were all sinners line of argument sounded as if sexual assault is a shoulder-shrugging issue rather than an atrocity which plagues college campuses across America, including our own. Thus far, white evangelical Christians have made up a crucial block of Trumps base. A PRRI/The Atlantic survey of likely voters taken Oct. 5-9  which included the day the videotape surfaced and two days of fallout  found that 65 percent of white evangelicals still favored Trump, compared to just 16 percent backing Clinton. But the evangelical community is increasingly diverse  racially, theologically, and otherwise. And in a recent petition, scores of evangelical leaders said they simply will not tolerate the racial, religious, and gender bigotry that Donald Trump has consistently and deliberately fueled. The petition now boasts more than 20,000 signatures on Change.org. Evan Vucci/Associated Press/File Las Vegas area pastors prayed with Donald Trump on Oct. 5. Advertisement A Barna Group survey published before the womens assault allegations arose found that although evangelical Christians overwhelmingly prefer Trump to Clinton, four in 10 would not commit to either candidate, and 1 in 8 said they planned to vote for a third-party or independent candidate. Barna said the dissatisfaction with the major party nominees is unique over the course of the last nine election cycles. I compare the video of Trump talking about grabbing womens genitals to a video I have seen of an abortion. I compare it to 59 million lives already lost that nobody seems to care about. Sharon Keefe of Wilmington, anti-abortion activist Many Roman Catholics are equally distressed about choosing between Trump, who has cast Mexican immigrants as rapists, and Clinton, who wants to repeal the Hyde Amendment, which prevents the federal Medicaid program from paying for abortions. If you think the unborn ought to be protected and the undocumented ought to be welcomed, its not obvious where you ought to go, said John Carr, the director of the Initiative on Catholic Social Thought and Public Life at Georgetown University. Catholics whose political views align closely with the churchs social teachings often feel politically homeless, scholars said. Neither party fully captures the churchs opposition to abortion, the death penalty, and gay marriage, as well as its commitment to welcoming immigrants and caring for the poor. Accordingly, Carr said, the Catholic vote normally splits about 40 percent Democratic and 40 percent Republican; the remaining 20 percent, he said, is the last swing vote in America. But Trump has alienated many Catholics, an increasing percentage of whom are Hispanic. The PRRI/The Atlantic survey showed him lagging 21 points behind Clinton among Catholic voters. RELATED: Extend your hand to Trump supporters, Bill Clinton says I dont think any Catholic can countenance the kind of language that Trump uses to categorize immigrants and women, said Mathew Schmalz, a religious studies professor at the College of the Holy Cross. The Rev. James Bretzke, a theologian at Boston College, said that given the immense political and legal challenges involved with banning abortion, and given data showing abortions have actually been fewer in Democratic administrations, I dont think you can make a credible case that if you are pro-life you have to vote Republican. He pointed to Pope Francis advice to US voters earlier this month  Study the proposals well, pray, and choose in conscience. Hes saying Vote your conscience,  Bretzke said. He is not saying, as some of the bishops and certainly many right-wing priests are saying, A correctly formed Catholic conscience can only vote for Trump.  Republicans, however, are pouncing on internal Clinton campaign e-mails newly released by WikiLeaks that include a 2011 conversation between Clintons current communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, and a fellow at a liberal think tank, John Halpin. In the exchange, Halpin scorned conservative Catholic converts as enamored of the churchs severely backward gender dynamics. Palmieri, who was then working for the Center for American Progress, replied that they must see Catholicism as the most socially acceptable politically conservative religion adding: Their rich friends wouldnt understand if they became evangelicals. House Speaker Paul Ryan, who is Catholic, said the Clinton campaigns disdain for the Catholic faith and Christian evangelicals is staggering. Jean B. Healey of Braintree, a Catholic who left the Democratic Party years ago over its support for legalized abortion, said she is so dismayed by both Clinton and Trump that shell probably support Libertarian Gary Johnson, who says hes personally opposed to abortion but believes government should stay out of the issue. RELATED: Aide wanted change in classification of Clinton e-mail She has supported Republicans in recent elections, but Trump, she said, doesnt have the dignity, doesnt have the humility, he doesnt have the sensitivity of the needs of the people. The fact that he discriminates against women, against black people  hes just not a good person. But a number other Catholics for whom abortion is a major concern said in interviews that they would stick with Trump. I compare the video of Trump talking about grabbing womens genitals to a video I have seen of an abortion, said Sharon Keefe, an anti-abortion activist and observant Catholic from Wilmington. I compare it to 59 million lives already lost that nobody seems to care about. Woods, too, has resigned herself to supporting Trump in the hope that hell follow through on his promise to choose Supreme Court justices in the mold of Antonin Scalia and because she admires his running mate, Governor Mike Pence, an evangelical Christian. But with polls showing support for Trump eroding, Woods is worried. We have so many people that are qualified and talented and gifted from which to choose, said Woods, who supported Scott Walker and then Marco Rubio in the primary. And we chose the one who does not have those qualities. Lisa Wangsness can be reached at _EMAIL_ . Follow her on Twitter @wangsness <N> SOME YEARS AGO A FRIEND told me about a researcher who claimed to have uncovered a disturbing fact about humans. On average, this researcher said, most people tend to marry someone less intelligent than they are, with the result that we are slowly becoming less intelligent as a species. For once in my life, I actually was able to respond with clarity in the moment. I said, without hesitation, "That's not true." When my friend objected that I had not done the same research, I replied that I didn't need tothat there were two people in every marriage, and therefore, one person marries up for every person who marries down. On average, it has to come out even. The point of that little story is that no matter how authoritative an argument sounds, we can often protect ourselves from being misled if we simply apply a little common sense. It's a good thing to remember when reading those forwarded emails. The ongoing propaganda from the extreme right wing has become more frightening recently. It's no longer just aimed at getting us to vote against democrats or liberals, or nurturing subtle racism, or getting us to deny women or gays their rights. Now it's aimed at turning American against American. The only way it can accomplish this, of course, is if we are stupid enough to suspend our common sense. The most recent example is titled "Can a good Muslim be a good American? " It starts right out with an authoritarian tone, telling the reader what he or she "needs" to do": "This is very interesting and we all need to read it from start to finish and send it on to everyone. " Having established who's boss, it then moves quickly to smear the group in question: "Maybe this is why our American Muslims are so quiet and not speaking out about any atrocities. Can a good Muslim be a good American? " Notice the reference to "our American Muslims " with that faint hint of ownership about itthe implication that "they" are not "our" equals. The letter next moves to the usual tactic of establishing a position of authority which is impossible to challenge because we aren't actually told who the authority is: "This question was forwarded to a friend who worked in Saudi Arabia for 20 years. The following is his reply: " So, since we don't know who the author is, or who the "friend" is, why should we believe a word of what follows? The answer, of course, is that we shouldn't . Even if we assumeand it's a pretty big assumptionthat the friend isn't simply a fictional expert, working in a country (even for twenty years) doesn't make you an expert on that country's religion. There's actually nothing in the list which follows which couldn't have been dug up on the internet in half an hour. So just remember to apply some common sense, as we work our way through the list. Ready? Here goes... Can a good Muslim be a good American? "Theologically - no. . . Because his allegiance is to Allah, The moon God of Arabia." So we're supposed to believe that an American who happens to worship Allah cannot have any allegiance to the United States. Notice the cute little "moon God" phrase, designed to make Islam sound primitive. And notice the mention of Arabia, intended to make Islam sound foreign. It's all very nicely done, if you're a fan of propaganda, but there's a big problem buying into this nonsense if you're a fan of common sense. The problem? Ask yourself whether a good Christian can be a good American, then consider the following response: Theologically - no. . . Because his allegiance is to Yahweh, The star God of ancient Israel. See the difficulty? Yahweh, the God of Christians, was originally the national God of Israel, and was originally one of the "stars of El". And Yahweh is still the God of Israel. But do you really believe, for a moment, that that means a Christian can't be loyal to the United States? Of course you don't, and the reason is that you know some Christians, and you know from experience that for most of them religion is one thing and patriotism is another. A real-life Christian, like a real-life Muslim, does not get his or her God confused with his or her country. Are there some Christians in America who don't think this way, whose religious loyalty would allow them to break laws, even kill fellow Americans? Of course there are. And they have been known to assassinate other American Christians. But they are a tiny minority, and not any more representative of the average good Christian than an Islamic terrorist is representative of the average good Muslim. Common sense. That's just the first point in the email's list. There are nine more to come. Next time We'll take up numbers two through seven... <N> Welcome to Spike's Web site A conservative site with conservative views, expressing my first amendment rights of free speech. Every wonder what these idiots are saying today? I know one thing for sure , I'm laughing my ass off after watching this video. NOTICE DUE TO DECLINING INTEREST IN THIS WEBSITE AND THE FORUM THIS SITE WILL BE CLOSING IN OCTOBER OF 2018. I AM OPEN TO SUGGESTIONS TO ATTRACT MORE VISITORS, SO IF ANYONE HAS ANY IDEAS I WILL BE WILLING TO TRY THEM. IF YOU HAVE ANY SUGGESTIONS PLEASE POST THEM ON MY FORUM. THANKS SPIKE Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar. Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal. Hillary: You mean my lying about Benghazi? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: You mean the massive voter fraud? You mean the military not getting their votes counted? Trump: No, the other one.Hillary: Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my Activities? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: Turning Libya into chaos? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: Being the mastermind of the so-called Arab Spring that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the moderate terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII? Trump: No the other one: Hillary: Leaving Iraq in chaos? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: The DOJ spying on the press? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: The NSA monitoring citizens? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: Threats to all of Bills former mistresses to keep them quiet? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasising about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious ways? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: The scandal where (while I was Secretary if State) the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USAs uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout? That scandal? Trump: No, the other one. Hillary: That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didnt pay payroll taxes on them? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill $700,000 in speaking fees? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him? Trump: No, the other one: Hillary: I give up!  Oh wait, I think Ive got it! When I stole the White House furniture and silverware when Bill left Office? Trump: THATS IT, THAT ONE Hillary: I thought Id got away with that one dammit !!!. GOD I HOPE SHE RUNS AGAIN! And She has the Balls to go after Trump. She is no lady in my book, and she wants to run for President? For those Anti-Trumper's that keep saying Trump don't care about helping Hurricane Harvey victims, how many other Passed Presidents have done this. What the hell has changed from then to Now? Oh wait I think I know that answer.............. Donald Trump became President of the United States of America! So this video shows that the liberals hate our President so much that they are willing to put our country and the American people in Jeopardy and do whatever it takes to destroy this President even at the expense of the American people they serve. Liberals say "If confiscating all guns saves just one life, It's worth it" If that is true then, if deporting all illegals saves just one life, wouldn't that be worth it? No explanation needed. Published on Aug 24, 2017 Sean Hannity outlines everything the media won't cover about President Trump's accomplishments. Share this with your Liberal friends to let them know what the media is hiding from them. They need a wake up call and Trumps list of accomplishments is that wake up call that the media won't tell you. Paul Harvey was a great man and in some way I believe he was also Psychic and could predict the furture. After watching the video on the left titled "IF I WERE THE DEVIL" you will see many things he said true today. The only thing about this video that I feel is not true and that's the title, It should be changed to " IF I WERE A DEMOCRAT" Ebony Williams of the Specialist A show that was canceled showed her true color by slamming President Trump. The black in her came out in full force Monday. Because of her and also the removal of Eric Bowling ,Fox just lost a loyal viewer of the Specialist. Williams has an attitude and it showed as you will see in the video. To blame Trump for the acts of others shows where her loyalty lies. Black Lives Matter needs people like her so when the show gets canceled (and it will) at least Ebony will have a place to go. Update.... THE SHOW WAS CANCELED The Truth about the Democratic Party A Democrat Plant Who Is Natalia Veselnitsksya This shows that the Liberals will do anything to stop Trump and slow down his agenda to Make America Great Again Organizing for Action also known as Obama for Action I do not understand how living in a country with its democracy established over 200 years ago, and for the first time in history, suddenly we have one of our former presidents set up a group called "Organizing for Action", (OFA) 30,000 strong working to disrupt everything that our current president is trying to do. This goes against our Democracy , it is an operation that will destroy our way of governing. It goes against our Constitution, our laws, and the process established over 200 years ago. This is a must read message and one that need to be spread across the united States for all American to read and learn. When you read this and you think that this is a bunch of bull, make sure you click on the link at the bottom to verify it's context then do a Google search for Organizing for Action. NOW TO CONTINUE CLICK HERE Why was the left not upset when Bill Clinton made this speech on Immigration. President Donald Trump said the same and the left went wild against him, but not on Clinton. If your a Democrat and you watch Clintons Speech and then look back at what President Trump is doing on Immigration, please tell me, is there a difference, or is it because it's Trump. Can you see the double standard here? If you cannot then there is no hope in sight for the future of the the Democratic Party. Is Obama trying to take down the Trump Administration. Share this because the Main Stream Media won't. 9 million Americans have signed a request to the President Trump, deprive citizenship from George Soros and seize his US assets. Soros should be charged with Treason Rochester News that you won't see or hear on our local Television stations Is George Soros trying to destroy America? You Be the Judge Rochester NY is in the news and many of you will not like it. click on the link below to see what the Rochester School District is teaching our kids. CLICK HERE TO GET PISSED Then if you don't want your kids to be indoctrinated, make sure you call your kids school and let them know how you feel. THINK ABOUT IT AND LET IT SINK IN The President of the United States Donald J Trump Click on his picture and turn up the volume and Dance, Dance, Dance WE DON'T CARE "Millions of trump supporters feel this way about Donald J. Trump....."We don't care if the guy swears... or how many times he's been married...or who he voted for, or what his income tax return shows. We want the problems fixed. Yes he's an egomaniac, but we don't care. We know he's not a racist, or bad to women, or all the other things the liberal media is trying to label him with. We know he's raised a good family, and that says a lot about him. Click Here to Read More PARIS AT WAR - MEDIA SILENCE A Must See video. The Government is Taking Thousands of Muslim Refugees per year without the people's knowledge And the American people are letting it happen. Why don't we Profile people? These events are actual events from history. They really happened! Do you remember? In 1968, Bobby Kennedy was shot and killed by a Muslim male. In 1972, at the Munich Olympics, athletes were kidnapped and massacred by Muslim males. Want to read more click here. If the Quran is like they say a Religion of Peace, then why don't they remove these passages from the Quran that go against peace and promote the killing of non-believers. The Quran, a Religion of Peace My ASS Qur'an:9:5 "Fight and kill the disbelievers wherever you find them, take them captive, harass them, lie in wait and ambush them using every stratagem of war." Qur'an:8:39 "So fight them until there is no more Fitnah (disbelief [non-Muslims]) and all submit to the religion of Allah alone (in the whole world)." Qur'an:9:88 "The Messenger and those who believe with him, strive hard and fight with their wealth and lives in Allah's Cause. Qur'an:9:112 "The Believers fight in Allah's Cause, they slay and are slain, kill and are killed." Non-Citizens Caught Voting In Florida In Vast Numbers WANT PROOF WHY LIBERALS DO NOT WANT VOTER ID LAWS. Audit Finds Evidence of Widespread Voter Fraud in North Carolina Please make sure you share this information, America need to know. Our President was correct when he said that we should have an investigation. Spike's Food for thought We are always hearing about how Social Security is going to run out of money. How come we never hear about Welfare running out of money? What's interesting is the first group "worked for" their money... the second didn't!! <N> This line is probably the best summary of Gandhi's philosophy of satyagraha as you can get in 16 words. But there's no evidence that the Great Soul ever said this. We don't know where this quote came from, but it is strikingly similar to something that the trade unionist Nicholas Klein gave in a 1918 address to the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America in Baltimore: "First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you. And that, is what is going to happen to the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America." [Editor's note: An earlier version gave the wrong year for Mr. Klein's speech.] <N> Satyagraha, (Sanskrit and Hindi: holding onto truth) concept introduced in the early 20th century by Mahatma Gandhi to designate a determined but nonviolent resistance to evil. Gandhis satyagraha became a major tool in the Indian struggle against British imperialism and has since been adopted by protest groups in other countries. According to this philosophy, satyagrahispractitioners of satyagrahaachieve correct insight into the real nature of an evil situation by observing a nonviolence of the mind, by seeking truth in a spirit of peace and love, and by undergoing a rigorous process of self-scrutiny. In so doing, the satyagrahi encounters truth in the absolute. By refusing to submit to the wrong or to cooperate with it in any way, the satyagrahi asserts that truth. Throughout the confrontation with evil, the satyagrahi must adhere to nonviolence, for to employ violence would be to lose correct insight. Satyagrahis always warn their opponents of their intentions; satyagraha forbids any tactic suggesting the use of secrecy to ones advantage. Satyagraha includes more than civil disobedience. Its full range of application extends from the details of correct daily living to the construction of alternative political and economic institutions. Satyagraha seeks to conquer through conversion: in the end, there is neither defeat nor victory but rather a new harmony. Satyagraha draws from the ancient Indian ideal of ahimsa (noninjury), which is pursued with particular rigour by Jains, many of whom live in Gujurat, where Gandhi grew up. In developing ahimsa into a modern concept with broad political consequences, as satyagraha, Gandhi also drew from the writings of Leo Tolstoy and Henry David Thoreau, from the Bible, and from the Bhagavadgita, on which he wrote a commentary. Gandhi first conceived satyagraha in 1906 in response to a law discriminating against Asians that was passed by the British colonial government of the Transvaal in South Africa. In 1917 the first satyagraha campaign in India was mounted in the indigo-growing district of Champaran. During the following years, fasting and economic boycotts were employed as methods of satyagraha in India, until the British left the country in 1947. Critics of satyagraha, both in Gandhis time and subsequently, have argued that it is unrealistic and incapable of universal success, since it relies upon a high standard of ethical conduct in the opponent, the representative of evil, and demands an unrealistically strong level of commitment from those struggling for social amelioration. Nonetheless, satyagraha played a significant role in the civil rights movement led by Martin Luther King, Jr., in the United States and has spawned a continuing legacy in South Asia itself. <N> Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton has apologized for joking that Mahatma Gandhi used to run a gas station here, saying it was ''a lame attempt at humor.'' Mrs. Clinton, the junior Democratic senator from New York, made the remark on Saturday at a fund-raiser. During an event here for a Senate candidate, Nancy Farmer, Missouri's state treasurer, Mrs. Clinton introduced a quote from Gandhi by saying, ''He ran a gas station down in St. Louis.'' After laughter from many in the crowd of at least 200 subsided, the former first lady continued, ''No, Mahatma Gandhi was a great leader of the 20th century.'' In a nod to Ms. Farmer's underdog status against a Republican senator, Kit Bond, Mrs. Clinton quoted the Indian independence leader as saying, ''First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.'' After being approached by The Associated Press to clarify the remarks, Mrs. Clinton suggested in a statement Monday that she never meant to fuel any stereotype that certain ethnic groups were synonymous with operating America's gas stations. ''I have admired the work and life of Mahatma Gandhi and have spoken publicly about that many times,'' Mrs. Clinton said. ''I truly regret if a lame attempt at humor suggested otherwise.'' <N> Entry from September 08, 2009 First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win has been attributed to Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (1869-1948), but there is no evidence that he said it. The Gandhi attribution dates to at least 1982. A similar statement was given by Nicholas Klein at a convention of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America in 1918 (the Wikipedia date of 1914 appears incorrect): And my friends, in this story you have the history of this entire movement. First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you. Wikiquote: Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi (2 October 1869  30 January 1948), commonly known as Mahatma Gandhi (Sanskrit:  mahtm  Great Soul") and in India as Bapu (Gujarati:  bpu"Father"), was an advocate and pioneer of nonviolent social protest in the form he called Satyagraha. He led the struggle for Indias independence from British colonial rule. (...) Disputed . First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. .. Describing the stages of a winning strategy of nonviolent activism. A close variant of the quotation first appears in a 1914 US trade union address: And, my friends, in this story you have a history of this entire movement. First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you. And that, is what is going to happen to the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America. General Executive Board Report and Proceedings, Biennial Convention, Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America (1914) Google Books Proceedings of the third biennial convention of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America, held in Baltimore, Maryland, May 13 to 18, 1919. (1918 appears to be the correct dateed.) Pg. 47: Fourth Session. Baltimore, Md., Wednesday, May 18, 1918 Pg. 53 (Address of Nicholas Klein): And my friends, in this story you have the history of this entire movement. First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you. And that is what is going to happen to the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America. 8 October 1968, Womens Wear Daily, Revolting by Patricia McColl, pg. 4: Cocteau expressed it best. First, they ignore you. Then, they abuse you. Then, they heap you with honors. Or make you into a statue. Stone. Dead. Google Books WIN: Peace and freedom through non-violent action Committee for Nonviolent Action, New York Workshop in Nonviolence, War Resisters League Brooklyn, NY: Workshop in Nonviolence Institute Volume 18 1982 Pg. 9: Gandhi once observed that every movement goes through four stages: First they ignore you; then they abuse you; then they crack down on you and then you win. Google News Archive 27 January 1987, Eugene (OR) Register-Guard, letters, pg. 8A, col. 3: Gandhi, speaking of the normal life cycle of non-violence campaigns, said, First they Ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they crack down. Then you win. January 1992, Music Trades, It can all be yours ... if you believe. (keys to business success) by Bob Popyk: First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they copy you, then they say they invented it. Mr. Redding could be ahead of his time. Green Left John Pilger: We can win a peaceful world! 17 November 1993 (...) Remember the words of Mahatma Gandhi: First, they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they fight you. Then you win. Google Books The Good Fight: A Laura DiPalma mystery By Lia Matera New York, NY: Ballantine Books 1994 Pg. 59: Remember what Gandhi said"First they ignore you, then they laugh, then they crack down, then you win. 19 November 2000, Syracuse (NY) Herald-American, Local Green leader says wealthy run U.S., city by Sean Kirst, pg. A12, col. 5: One of the quotes going around among the Greens to keep our spirits up is a quote from Gandhi that goes something like this: First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they attack you. And then you win. Google Books Tangled Up in the Past By Bob Ferchat and Tony Carlson Toronto: I.magin.ation, Inc. 2002 Pg. 1173: First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. Mahatma Gandi <N> #10998507 - Re: Why People Support Trump Re: MontanaMan] Joined: Posts: 85,876 The_Real_Hawkeye Campfire Oracle The_Real_Hawkeye Joined: Posts: 85,876 Northern Florida Campfire OracleJoined:Posts: 85,876 Originally Posted by MontanaMan THE NEW YORKER: One of the best articles that I have seen regarding our political dilemma. Excellent read. The author is the political correspondent for Bloomberg and wrote extensively about Obama even before he was elected and he did it with facts and more facts. "Who is Donald Trump?" The better question may be, "What is Donald Trump?" The answer? A giant middle finger from average Americans to the political and media establishment. Some Trump supporters are like the 60s white girls who dated black guys just to annoy their parents. But most Trump supporters have simply had it with the Demo-socialists and the "Republicans In Name Only." They know there isn't a dime's worth of difference between Hillary Rodham and Jeb Bush, and only a few cents worth between Rodham and the other GOP candidates. Ben Carson is not an "establishment" candidate, but the Clinton machine would pulverize Carson; and the somewhat rebellious Ted Cruz will (justifiably so) be tied up with natural born citizen lawsuits (as might Marco Rubio). The Trump supporters figure they may as well have some fun tossing Molotov cocktails at Wall Street and Georgetown while they watch the nation collapse. Besides - lightning might strike, Trump might get elected, and he might actually fix a few things. Stranger things have happened (the nation elected an [islamo-]Marxist in 2008 and Bruce Jenner now wears designer dresses.) Millions of conservatives are justifiably furious. They gave the Republicans control of the House in 2010 and control of the Senate in 2014, and have seen them govern no differently than Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid. Yet those same voters are supposed to trust the GOP in 2016? Why? Trump did not come from out of nowhere. His candidacy was created by the last six years of Republican failures. No reasonable person can believe that any of the establishment candidates [dems or reps] will slash federal spending, rein in the Federal Reserve, cut burdensome business regulations, reform the tax code, or eliminate useless federal departments (the Departments of Education, Housing and Urban Development, Energy, etc.). Even Ronald Reagan was unable to eliminate the Department of Education. (Of course, getting shot at tends to make a person less of a risk-taker.) No reasonable person can believe that any of the nation's major problems will be solved by Rodham, Bush, and the other dishers of donkey fazoo now eagerly eating corn in Iowa and pancakes in New Hampshire. Many Americans, and especially Trump supporters, have had it with:  Anyone named Bush  Anyone named Clinton  Anyone who's held political office  Political correctness  Illegal immigration  Massive unemployment  Phony "official" unemployment and inflation figures  Welfare waste and fraud  People faking disabilities to go on the dole  VA waiting lists  TSA airport groping  ObamaCare  The Federal Reserve's money-printing schemes  Wall Street crooks like Jon Corzine  Michelle Obama's vacations  Michelle Obama's food police  Barack Obama's golf  Barack Obama's arrogant and condescending lectures  Barack Obama's criticism/hatred of America  Valerie Jarrett  "Holiday trees"  Hollywood hypocrites  Global warming nonsense  Cop killers  Gun confiscation threats  Stagnant wages  Boys in girls' bathrooms  Whiny, spoiled college students who can't even place the Civil War in the correct century... and that's just the short list. Trump supporters believe that no Democrat wants to address these issues, and that few Republicans have the courage to address these issues. They certainly know that none of the establishment candidates are better than barely listening to them, and Trump is their way of saying, "Screw you, Hillary Rodham Rove Bush!" The more the talking head political pundits insult the Trump supporters, the more supporters he gains. (The only pundits who seem to understand what is going on are Democrats Doug Schoen and Pat Caddell and Republican John LeBoutillier. All the others argue that the voters will eventually "come to their senses" and support an establishment candidate.) But America does not need a tune-up at the same old garage. It needs a new engine installed by experts - and neither Rodham nor Bush are mechanics with the skills or experience to install it. Hillary Rodham is not a mechanic; she merely manages a garage her philandering husband abandoned. Jeb Bush is not a mechanic; he merely inherited a garage. Granted, Trump is also not a mechanic, but he knows where to find the best ones to work in his garage. He won't hire his brother-in-law or someone to whom he owes a favor; he will hire someone who lives and breathes cars. "How dare they revolt!" the "elites" are bellowing. Well, the citizens are daring to revolt, and the RINOs had better get used to it. "But Trump will hand the election to Clinton!" That is what the Karl Rove-types want people to believe, just as the leftist media eagerly shoved "Maverick" McCain down GOP throats in 2008 - knowing he would lose to Obama. But even if Trump loses and Rodham wins, she would not be dramatically different than Bush or most of his fellow candidates. They would be nothing more than caretakers, not working to restore America's greatness but merely presiding over the collapse of a massively in-debt nation. A nation can perhaps survive open borders; a nation can perhaps survive a generous welfare system. But no nation can survive both - and there is little evidence that the establishment candidates of either party understand that. The United States cannot forever continue on the path it is on. At some point it will be destroyed by its debt. Yes, Trump speaks like a bull wander[ing] through a china shop, but the truth is that the borders do need to be sealed; we cannot afford to feed, house, and clothe 200,000 Syrian immigrants for decades (even if we get inordinately lucky and none of them are ISIS infiltrators or Syed Farook wannabes); the world is at war with radical Islamists; all the world's glaciers are not melting; and Rosie O'Donnell is a fat pig. Is Trump the perfect candidate? Of course not. Neither was Ronald Reagan. But unless we close our borders and restrict immigration, all the other issues are irrelevant. One terrorist blowing up a bridge or a tunnel could kill thousands. One jihadist poisoning a city's water supply could kill tens of thousands. One electromagnetic pulse attack from a single Iranian nuclear device could kill tens of millions. Faced with those possibilities, most Americans probably don't care that Trump relied on eminent domain to grab up a final quarter acre of property for a hotel, or that he boils the blood of the Muslim Brotherhood thugs running the Council on American-Islamic Relations. While Attorney General Loretta Lynch's greatest fear is someone giving a Muslim a dirty look, most Americans are more worried about being gunned down at a shopping mall by a crazed [islamic] lunatic who treats his prayer mat better than his three wives and who thinks 72 virgins are waiting for him in paradise. The establishment is frightened to death that Trump will win, but not because they believe he will harm the nation. They are afraid he will upset their taxpayer-subsidized apple carts. While Obama threatens to veto legislation that spends too little, they worry that Trump will veto legislation that spends too much. You can be certain that if an establishment candidate wins in November 2016,  [their] cabinet positions will be filled with the same people we've seen before. The washed-up has-beens of the Clinton and Bush administrations will be back in charge. The hacks from Goldman Sachs will continue to call the shots. Whether it is Bush's Karl Rove or Clinton's John Podesta, who makes the decisions in the White House will matter little. If the establishment wins, America loses. Brilliant! ~ Skla! ~ <N> the complete obama timeline don fredrick "Conservatives seek freedom to, while leftists seek freedom from. Conservatives seek to fix government, while leftists seek to fix people." - Don Fredrick The Complete Obama Timeline exceeds 12,000 pages and includes more than 85,000 online references. Nowhere will you find a more complete history of Obama's activities, from his birth to the present. The Timeline is (usually) updated on a daily basis. If it's in the news and related to Obama, it's in the Timeline. The author scours the Internet, newspapers, magazines, and television reports every day, and then distills all the important stories to a few pages you can read in just a few minutes. He does the research so that you do not have to. Just click on "The Timeline" tab at left, and then click the appropriate button for the month you wish to read. Text that is highlighted in yellow is the new text that was added the previous evening. "Fascism, socialism, communism, progressivism... all must all be resisted. To a slave of the state it matters little whether he is allowed to own his cage." - Don Fredrick [W]hen you see that in order to produce, you need to obtain permission from men who produce nothing; when you see that money is flowing to those who deal not in goods, but in favors; when you see that men get rich more easily by graft than by work, and your laws no longer protect you against them, but protect them against you. . . you may know that your society is doomed. - Ayn Rand "The problems we face today are because the people who work for a living are outnumbered by those who vote for a living." - Anonymous <N> Bill Maher returned to his HBO show Real Time Friday night after a break to discuss Donald Trumps nonsense campaign, saying the real estate mogul could go all the way. For all those people who say Donald Trump could not go all the way, I dont think theyre right. They didnt say he would get this far. And obviously, I dont know what the results are from last night, but Fox tried to put a stake in him and I dont think they did, Mr. Maher said, Mediaite reported. He noted that people laughed off former President Ronald Reagan as a joke before he became president. GOP campaign strategist Steve Schmidt agreed with Mr. Maher, saying it was crazy to dismiss [Mr. Trumps] chances of becoming the Republican nominee, Mediaite reported. He argued that Mr. Trump was using a strong message that garnered him lots of popularity, but he admitted a lot of what he is saying is nonsense talk. Mr. Maher asked, What does it say about your party that the guy whos leading you say is full of nonsense? Mr. Schmidt responded that Mr. Trumps polling numbers suggest that Republicans are simply fed up with Washington politics and have completely lost trust in their government. Copyright  2018 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission. <N> The scheme works like this: collect millions of dollars in foreign money, dump it into a foreign charity, pretend that the law prohibits you from ever disclosing the identities of those foreign donors to the foreign charity, then have the foreign charity bundle all the cash and send it to the Clinton Foundation. Then, when the time comeswhether it be a Clinton Foundation conference or a lavish Clinton Foundation trip overseasmake sure those individuals get some me-time with the Clintons. As The Federalist detailed earlier this week, the Clinton Foundation spun off the bulk of its charitable medical activities back in 2010. By 2013, the main Clinton Foundation entity  the Bill, Hillary, and Chelsea Clinton Foundation  housed only a handful of charitable initiatives, the largest of which existed solely to serve the Clintons, via their conference series and the Clinton presidential library, rather than truly charitable causes. In 2013, for example, the Clinton Foundation spent less than 10 percent of its budget on charitable grants. The foreign-to-domestic laundering scheme satisfies a number of key Clinton objectives. First, it gave Secretary of State Hillary Clinton total plausible deniability about the millions in foreign cash that were being funneled into her familys non-profit coffers. She wasnt on the board of CGEPartnership, and wasnt even named to the board of the Clinton Foundation until 2013, so how could she have known about this? Second, it gave Hillarys allies the ability to claim that wealthy foreign individuals were not sending cash to the Clinton Foundation. How? Because they were sending cash to the Canadian CGEPartnership. And while Bill Clintons name is obviously in the organizations name, he never actually served on its board while Hillary was Secretary of State. Instead, Clinton retained control of the organization by placing Bruce Lindsey on CGEPartnerships board. Lindsey, a long-time Clinton confidant and adviser, currently serves as the chairman of the board of the Clinton Foundation. He was also the Clinton Foundations CEO for over a decade. If you look holistically at the entire schemes setup, at the massive flow of foreign cash, at the refusal to disclose donors, at the secret (and now destroyed) private e-mail servers, at the blatantly bogus excuses, at the falsified tax returns, everything about it suddenly makes a lot more sense. From soup to nuts, the entire operation was constructed in order to provide a facade of plausible deniability for Hillary Clinton. <N> Frenchtoastsunday With a brilliant career in Hollywood and three decades of awesomeness, Keanu Reeves life has time and again found a space in daily publications. However, he is one superstar who never blew his own trumpet. From his charitable nature to his personal life which has always seen a lot of downs than ups, Keanu Reeves has never opened up much about his personal life. Recently, a Facebook page posted an open letter which Keanu Reeves wrote and it is hauntingly beautiful! <3 From opening up about losing his baby to losing love of his life in a brutal car accident, read what Keanu Reeves has to say about his trials and tribulations and how he overcame it! Worth a read for sure. :) "Most people know me, but don't know my story. At the age of 3, I watched my father leave. I attended four different high schools and struggled with dyslexia, making my education more challenging than it is for most. At the age of 23, my closest friend River Phoenix died of a drug overdose. In 1998, I met Jennifer Syme. We fell instantly in love and by 1999, Jennifer was pregnant with our daughter. Sadly, after eight months, our child was born stillborn. We were devastated by her death and it eventually ended our relationship. 18 months later, Jennifer died in a car accident. Since then I avoid serious relationships and having kids. My younger sister had lukemia. Today she is cured, and I donated 70% of my gains from the movie Matrix to Hospitals that treat leukemia. I am one of the only Hollywood stars without a Mansion. I don't have any bodyguards and do not wear fancy clothes. And even though I'm worth $100 million, I still ride the subway and I love it! Don't Miss 10.7 K SHARES 3.8 K SHARES 5.9 K SHARES 2.2 K SHARES 1.6 K SHARES Awakening Times So in the end, I think we can all pretty well agree that even in the face of tragedy, a stellar person can thrive. No matter what's going on in your life, you can overcome it! Life is worth living." <N> CLAIM Keanu Reeves overcame a series of tragic events in his life, before and after becoming a wealthy movie star. RATING ORIGIN Keanu Reeves achieved superstardom as an actor in the 80s and 90s via iconic movie roles such as Ted in Bill & Teds Excellent Adventure (1989) and Neo in the science fiction classic The Matrix (1999), but, like many people irrespective of wealth and status, endured profound hardships along the way. Unlike many people, however, Reeves personal tragedies have been compiled into a tearjerking Facebook video that was shared more than a half-million times within its first 72 hours of existence. The video, though quite brief, packs a lot of emotional wallop in a few words  most of which were copied verbatim from a viral Facebook post falsely attributed to Reeves in 2015: With all due respect to Mr. Reeves (who, as far as we know, had nothing to do with the making of the video), we are now obliged to assess its veracity, claim by claim: At age 3, his father left. More-or-less true. Reeves was born in Beirut, Lebanon to a British mother and a Chinese-Hawaiian father in 1964. Biographical accounts vary as to precisely how old Keanu was when his neer-do-well father, Samuel Nowlin Reeves, abandoned the family. Some say Samuel left when Keanu was age two, some at age three, and the father himself is on record saying he moved out when Keanu was five, though he was still in his sons life until he was about 13. I spent my last vacation with him when I was 13 years old, Keanu said in a 2002 interview. On our last day we sat on the veranda and stared at the dark sky. He hardly said anything that evening. The next day he brought us to the airport. Then we didnt hear anything from him for 10 years. No calls, no letters, nothing. He attended 4 different high schools and struggled with dyslexia, making education very difficult. Mostly true. Reeves said in a 2008 interview with the Daily Mail that he attended four high schools in the space of five years but was okay academically. Vanity Fair reported in 1995 that both Keanu and his sister, Kim, are dyslexic. However, Reeves has also said that he didnt do all that badly in school. He was asked about it by Tara Brady of the Irish Times: Internet theorists would contend that sorrow stalks Reeves: that he lost his best friend River Phoenix when the pair were barely out of their teens, that as a child he was moved around from city to city, all the while struggling with dyslexia and academic underachievement. Thats not entirely accurate, he says. We didnt move around that much, says Reeves. And I wasnt the best student but I dont remember having trouble fitting in. I kind of blended in. At age 23, his best friend River Phoenix died of a drug overdose. True. Actor River Phoenix, whom Reeves had known for a few years and became close friends with when they acted together in My Own Private Idaho, died of combined drug intoxication outside a Los Angeles nightclub on 31 October 1993. He was 23. In 1999, the love of his life, Jennifer Syme, was pregnant with their daughter. But the child was stillborn, and it cost them their relationship. True. People magazine published this account of the stillbirth in April 2001: In January 2000 Reeves and his then-girlfriend, Jennifer Syme, 29, buried their child, a girl named Ava, who had been stillborn at 8 months. The grief proved too much for their relationship, which ended several weeks later. (NOTE: The image supposedly showing Jennifer Syme in the video is actually a photograph of someone else.) 18 months later, Jennifer was killed in a car accident. True. This account is from People magazine: But they remained close friends, even brunching together as recently as April 1 [2001] at Crepes on Cole in San Francisco. Just one day later, a much shaken Reeves called the Los Angeles County Coroners Office and asked, according to Lt. Mac Willie, if Jen Syme was there. Sadly, she was. Shortly after 6 a.m. on April 2, Syme, who worked in the recording industry, lost control of her 1999 Jeep Cherokee on L.A.s Cahuenga Boulevard, sideswiped three parked cars, rolled over several times and was thrown from the car. Authorities believe she died instantly, but they are awaiting toxicology tests to determine the final cause of death. (In her car police found prescribed antidepressants and two rolled-up dollar bills with a white powdery substance inside.) Whatever the result, Reeves, says a friend, is finding it very, very difficult to cope with her death. His sister had leukemia. She was cured, and he donated 70 percent of his money from The Matrix to hospitals that treat leukemia. Partly true. As best we can put together from press reports over the years, Kim Reeves, who is a few years younger than Keanu, was diagnosed with leukemia around 1991 and, after battling the disease for nearly a decade, was in remission as of 1999. A Womans Day (Australia) article published in April of that year said Keanu had lovingly supported his sister throughout her illness. Media reports as recent as 2015 still describe Kim Reeves as battling leukemia  as if there was a relapse  but its unclear to what extent thats based on hard evidence. The claim that Keanu Reeves donated 70 percent of his Matrix earnings to hospitals that treat leukemia appears to have been fabricated, though weve found plenty of evidence to indicate he is a frequent and generous contributor to all sorts of charitable causes. In a Ladies Home Journal article published in 2009, he said he had started a private charitable foundation: I have a private foundation thats been running for five or six years, and it helps aid a couple of childrens hospitals and cancer research. I dont like to attach my name to it, I just let the foundation do what it does. He doesnt own a big house like other stars, and he doesnt wear fancy clothes. Mixture. You wouldnt describe Reevess $4 million two-bedroom house in the Hollywood Hills as big, but its a very nice home in a very nice neighborhood, with plenty of room for his cars and motorcycles, and with other celebrities living nearby. He doesnt always wear fancy clothes, but sometimes he does. Hes worth over $100 million, and still rides the subway. Mixture. Most sources say Keanu Reeves net worth is about $350 million. He has been known to ride the subway on occasion, but on any given day is more likely to be seen driving his Porsche or one of his classic motorcycles. Hes been photographed on many occasions getting in and out of limos. Its a clich that money doesnt buy you happiness. But it does buy you the freedom to live your life the way you want.  Keanu Reeves in 2008. <N> Post Election Grief from That Guy Posted by Jeanne Devon on Saturday, November 10, 2012  46 Comments Weve seen all kinds of wailing, and sobbing, and rending of garments since Tuesdays Presidential election. We witnessed Karl Roves own mental denial of service attack on Fox News, and weve seen whatever right wing Facebook friends we have left indulging in a variety of reactions from head shaking at the idiocy of their fellow Amurrikans, to downright racist screeds about the President. But not until I read through my own emails, and saw this forward of a forward from a friend of a friend, had I seen such a comprehensive, and straightforward regurgitation of right wing gripes, talking points, bigotries, and political delusion. Its like the dog ate a sampling of every single thing in the giant garbage can of crazy, and then puked it all up in the middle of the living room carpet. At least they are the ones who will have to clean up their own mess. I present to you, the blast email I received yesterday, entitled: The American Dream ended last night in Ohio. The second term of Barack Obama will be the final nail in the coffin for the legacy of the white Christian males who discovered, explored, pioneered, settled and developed the greatest Republic in the history of mankind. A coalition of Blacks, Latinos, feminists, gays, government workers, union members, environmental extremists, the media, Hollywood, uninformed young people, the forever needy, the chronically unemployed, illegal aliens, and other fellow travelers has ended Norman Rockwells America. The US Constitution has been replaced with Saul Alinskys Rules for Radicals and Chicago shyster David Axelrod, along with international socialist George Soros, will be pulling the strings on their black puppet to bring us into the New World Order. The Republicans ran two candidates who couldnt even win their own home states, while circus clown Chris Christie helped Obama over the top with a glowing post  Sandy tribute that elevated the phony Commander-in Chief to Mother Teresa status. People like me are now completely politically irrelevant; I will never again comment on or concern myself with the aforementioned Republican coalition, which has surrendered our culture, our heritage and our traditions without a shot being fired. You will never again outvote the people who gave Obama four more years. It will take individual acts of defiance and massive displays of civil disobedience to get back the rights we have allowed them to take away. It will take zealots, not moderates; zealots who will never reach across the aisle to RINOs, to right this ship and restore our beloved Country to its former status. Those who come after us will have to risk their lives, their fortunes and their sacred honor to bring back the Republic that this generation has timidly frittered away due to white guilt and political correctness. My wife and I will now put our anti-ACLU Nativity Scene on display, and start wishing everyone a Merry Christmas. And enjoy the rest of our lives in our 50s-throwback Village of (Redacted) Lakes, here in (Redacted) Harbor. Atlas has Shrugged, and John Galt has left the building. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google More Print Email Pinterest Reddit Tumblr LinkedIn Like this: Like Loading... Comments comments <N> Three yards of black fabric enshroud my computer terminal. I am mourning the passing of an old friend by the name of Common Sense. His obituary reads as follows: Common Sense, aka C.S., lived a long life, but died from heart failure at the brink of the millennium. No one really knows how old he was, his birth records were long ago entangled in miles and miles of bureaucratic red tape. Known affectionately to close friends as Horse Sense and Sound Thinking, he selflessly devoted himself to a life of service in homes, schools, hospitals and offices, helping folks get jobs done without a lot of fanfare, whooping and hollering. Rules and regulations and petty, frivolous lawsuits held no power over C.S. A most reliable sage, he was credited with cultivating the ability to know when to come in out of the rain, the discovery that the early bird gets the worm and how to take the bitter with the sweet. C.S. also developed sound financial policies (dont spend more than you earn), reliable parenting strategies (the adult is in charge, not the kid) and prudent dietary plans (offset eggs and bacon with a little fiber and orange juice). A veteran of the Industrial Revolution, the Great Depression, the Technological Revolution and the Smoking Crusades, C.S. survived sundry cultural and educational trends including disco, the mens movement, body piercing, whole language and new math. C.S.s health began declining in the late 1960s when he became infected with the If-It-Feels-Good, Do-It virus. In the following decades, his waning strength proved no match for the ravages of overbearing federal and state rules and regulations and an oppressive tax code. C.S. was sapped of strength and the will to live as the Ten Commandments became contraband, criminals received better treatment than victims and judges stuck their noses in everything from Boy Scouts to professional baseball and golf. His deterioration accelerated as schools implemented zero-tolerance policies. Reports of 6-year-old boys charged with sexual harassment for kissing classmates, a teen suspended for taking a swig of Scope mouthwash after lunch, girls suspended for possessing Midol and an honor student expelled for having a table knife in her school lunch were more than his heart could endure. As the end neared, doctors say C.S. drifted in and out of logic but was kept informed of developments regarding regulations on low-flow toilets and mandatory air bags. Finally, upon hearing about a government plan to ban inhalers from 14 million asthmatics due to a trace of a pollutant that may be harmful to the environment, C.S. breathed his last. Services will be at Whispering Pines Cemetery. C.S. was preceded in death by his wife, Discretion; one daughter, Responsibility; and one son, Reason. He is survived by two step-brothers, Half-Wit and Dim-Wit. Memorial Contributions may be sent to the Institute for Rational Thought. Farewell, Common Sense. May you rest in peace. This essay, along with tongue-in-cheek biographical sketches of the survivors of Common Sense, is available as a small book. It is an ideal gift for those who have a sense of humor and are not PC. Its also ideal for those you think lack common sense but youd rather not tell them yourself. Buy here at amazon. Comments comments <N> The Prime Minister said more frequent extreme weather events driven by climate change were the main driver as Cumbria and the north braces for more hell. However experts branded his comments ludicrous excuses blaming lack of investment on flood defences for the disaster and pointed to historic flooding which pre-dated global warming. A scientific study by Maggie Simpson and Edna Krabappel and Kim Jong Fun was accepted for publication by two journals. As the year draws to a close, we like to highlight some of the American medias worst abuses that occurred during the past year. We have picked 10 stories for which there were general narratives presented by the mainstream medianarratives that ignored the larger truths to be gleaned from these stories. When we planned our recent trip to Israel with 50 other Northern Virginians, we didnt expect that it would coincide with the latest spasm of Palestinian violence against Israelis. We didnt anticipate that this new war would be more insidious than past intifadas, with almost daily violence coming out of nowhere, with no warning, rhyme or reason. Introducing the Latest Form of Palestinian Terror: Laser Beams Travel on some of Israels main highways has become increasingly hazardous as Israelis have been subjected to daily rock-throwing attacks. But there is a new threat plaguing Israels roads. Not as well known as the frequent car-ramming attacks and stone-throwings, but equally deadly, are lasers. American & Canadian Politics Recent Columns VIDEO: Oregons anti-gay bakers read lovely tweets from oh-so-tolerant liberals By Dan Calabrese -- American Politics If you want to measure the methods of fascism, its hard to top a $135,000 fine imposed on someone simply for declining a small piece of business that presents a faith conflict How To Stop Hangovers With Science (Video) By American Chemical Society -- Science-Technology WASHINGTON,  Its almost New Years Eve, and many will be ringing in 2016 with champagne, wine, beer and cocktails. But for those who overindulge, the next day is accompanied by another tradition: the New Years Day hangover. Russian Nuclear Diplomacy in the Middle East During a visit to Egypt by Russian President Vladimir Putin in February 2015, Egypt and Russia signed a memorandum of understanding to cooperate in building the first nuclear power station in El Dabaa in northwestern Egypt. Was the ObamaCare Vote a False Flag? I trust everyone enjoyed a wonderful Christmas. It is a blessed time of the year. Now it is time to resume addressing the grave issues we continue to face. Dolphins Call Each Other By Name By News on the Net -- Lifestyles (AlignLife.com) We are learning more about animal intelligence. Is Trump the New Armand Hammer? By Cliff Kincaid -- American Politics Ever since I started writing critically about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trumps apparent lack of knowledge on the Russian military threat and the nature of the Vladimir Putin regime, various conservative websites that usually run my column have been refusing to do so. These outlets of conservative opinion seem to believe that Trump is a legitimate conservative, and that his followers cant be offended with negative information about the candidate. Some of them had previously run articles about Vladimir Putin being a Christian statesman or anti-terrorist leader. One Mean Mule By Jimmy Reed -- American Politics William Faulkner observed, A mule will labor willingly and patiently for you for ten years for the privilege of kicking you once. Whats in Store for Our Freedoms in 2016? More of Everything We Dont Want By John W. Whitehead -- American Politics Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.George Santayana, The Life of Reason, Vol. 1 In Harold Ramis classic 1993 comedy Groundhog Day, TV weatherman Phil Connors (played by Bill Murray) is forced to live the same day over and over again until he not only gains some insight into his life but changes his priorities. CTF Releases New Years Tax Changes for 2016 Income splitting for families cancelled; Universal Child Care Benefit to be replaced with means-tested Canada Child Benefit in mid-2016 Higher income Canadians face substantially higher tax bill OTTAWA, ON: The Canadian Taxpayers Federation (CTF) has crunched the numbers and the new Trudeau governments tax measures will mean a tax break for most Canadians in 2016. GOP energy report card: 2015 Last year, when Republicans gained a decisive edge in both houses of Congress, I made predictions as to the six energy-policy changes we could expectas the two parties have very different views on energy issues. I closed that column with these words: It is going to be an interesting two years. If the Republican policies turn the economy aroundoffering a sharp contrast to the stagnation of the past six years, they will pave the way for victory in 2016. Double-reverse psychology: ISIS leader taunts U.S. for not sending troops By Dan Calabrese -- Guns-Crime-Terror-Security It sounds like a taunt, and I suppose it is, but there are taunts born of sheer bravado - and then there are taunts with purpose from people who sound like they well understand the psychology of their enemy. That assumes, of course, that Barack Obama is really an enemy of ISIS. His actions certainly dont suggest that he sees it that way. But to the extent Obama commands the one force most capable of defeating ISIS should it ever receive orders to try, ISIS at least has to make sure Obama feels no particular incentive to do so. Worst web site in world apparently thinks gay marriage should be top 3 priority for next president By Dan Calabrese -- American Politics Of all the things that demonstrate just how pathetic Washington has become, few resonate more than when you realize some of the people everyone else in Washington takes seriously. And its hard to think of a better example than The Worst Web Site In The Worlds Mike Allen, who is regarded by the Beltway crowd as a force of nature, but in fact offers consistently stupid and dishonest tripe that not only tells you nothing, but is designed to leave impressions that are about as far removed from reality as a thing can be. <N> 