Frighten pond predators and unsuspecting friends with this realistic reptilian replica. Gator Pond Decoy is sure to make heads turn whether wildlife or human. Exceptional detail makes this floating alligator head a valuable deterrent for unwanted pond visitations. Gator decoy floats freely across koi ponds and water gardens, demonstrating life-like motion with wind or water movement. Reflective red eye stickers add to realism. Great for any water area infested with geese, egrets, cormorants, herons and other unwanted wildlife. (we have had limited success with mallards & wood ducks. Northern ducks seem to want to be friends with the decoys). Made from durable urethane foam. Protect prized koi and other pond fish with your very own "guard gator." Add a little fun to your pond, while protecting your valuable fish This 22 inch floating alligator floats freely and life-like in the pond or pool. This realistic, life-sized floating replica of an alligator head is perfect for any water area infested by birds geese, ducks, egrets, cormorants, heron and more Ideal for golf courses, park districts, fish and shrimp farms, industrial park lakes and even residential pools The 22" long x 8 " head moves realistically with the wind and water. Birds think that they're being followed by a predator so they leave for a safer area. Made entirely in the United States. The Jr Gator Pond Decoy measures 22" x 8" x 3" high. EACH ALLIGATOR IS PAINTED WITH UV RESISTANT PAINT TO LAST MANY YEARS! Note: Can also be used as a kickboard in swimming pools! We also produce a 28 inch version that has exposed teeth which is available on Amazon.com as well as a set of the 22 inch & 28 inch Alligator Head Decoys (BEST VALUE). Put the kit of two in your water and see how much better they scare away predators & sometimes people. Make sure to read the customer reviews to get a better idea on how well the product works in real life situations. <N> The self-righting Pro Boat Jet Jam is one of the coolest boats on the market. It's perfect for a day at the lake or an afternoon at the pool. Whether the sun is shining or rain is pouring, you can run the Jet Jam in shallow water (as little as three inches!) or in deeper areas. Everything about this boat is designed for fun. And with a jet pump and no exposed propeller, the Jet Jam offers a safe experience for everyone. It even has a rubber bumper to prevent broken hulls or damage to the side of your pool. We also added a removable cup in the front so you can play pool soccer against your friends! Just add a ping pong ball or any other floating ball. Nothing! Everything you need is included in the box. (1) Pro Boat Jet Jam12-Inch RTR Pool Racer (1) Pro Boat 2.4GHz Pistol Grip Transmitter (1) Pro Boat ESC/Receiver (1) Pro Boat Servo (1) Dynamite 7.4 1500 mAh 2S 15C Li-Ion Battery (1) Pro Boat USB Charger (1) User Manual Needed to CompleteWhat's in thebox-Righting The Jet Jam is a self-righting watercraft. You'll never have to worry about being stranded upside down. Safe Jet Pump With no exposed propeller the Jet Jam pump design offers a safe, worry free experience. Ready to Run The Jet Jam is ready-to-run and includes a 2.4GHz radio system, battery and USB charger (AA transmitter batteries included). Multiple Decal Sheets Included Comes with orange and white colored hulls and three different color decal sheets so you can personalize your boat. Up to six different color combinations are possible. Run Rain or Shine Hit the lake, pool, pond or a slow-moving river in practically any weather. <N> Some of the terms we use to describe political rhetoric are as old as politics itself (see ad hominem attacks, or such devices as synecdoche, metonymy, or zeugma). Others are more recent additions, driven by the evolution of the news cycle (like fake news and dog whistles). But hey, arent we ignoring a bigger subject here? How can we talk about rhetorical devices and not mention whataboutism? Essentially a reversal of accusation, arguing that an opponent is guilty of an offense just as egregious or worse Whataboutism gives a clue to its meaning in its name. It is not merely the changing of a subject ("What about the economy?") to deflect away from an earlier subject as a political strategy; its essentially a reversal of accusation, arguing that an opponent is guilty of an offense just as egregious or worse than what the original party was accused of doing, however unconnected the offenses may be. The tactic behind whataboutism has been around for a long time. Rhetoricians generally consider it to be a form of tu quoque, which means "you too" in Latin and involves charging your accuser with whatever it is you've just been accused of rather than refuting the truth of the accusation made against you. Tu quoque is considered to be a logical fallacy, because whether or not the original accuser is likewise guilty of an offense has no bearing on the truth value of the original accusation. Whataboutism adds a twist to tu quoque by directing its energies into establishing an equivalence between two or more disparate actions, thereby defaming the accuser with the insinuation that their priorities are backwards. The CNN correspondent Jill Dougherty, in a 2016 article about allegations of Russian doping during the Olympics, defined whataboutism in terms of a more familiar English idiom: There's another attitude toward doping allegations that many Russians seem to share, what used to be called in the Soviet Union "whataboutism," in other words, "who are you to call the kettle black?" Jill Dougherty, CNN.com, 24 July 2016 The association of whataboutism with the Soviet Union began during the Cold War. As the regimes of Josef Stalin and his successors were criticized by the West for human rights atrocities, the Soviet propaganda machine would be ready with a comeback alleging atrocities of equal reprehensibility for which the West was guilty. The weaknesses of whataboutismwhich dictates that no one must get away with an attack on the Kremlin's abuses without tossing a few bricks at South Africa, no one must indict the Cuban police State without castigating President Park, no one must mention Irak, Libya or the PLO without having a bash at Israel, &c.  have been canvassed in this column before. Michael Bernard, The Age (Melbourne, Victoria, Australia), 17 Jun. 1978 Before the 2016 presidential election, more instances of whataboutism applied to criticism among regimes than between individual politicians: Events in Ferguson have caused whataboutism to go global. As Robin Wright notes in the Wall Street Journal a whole bunch o' authoritarian states have seized on Ferguson to criticize the United States Daniel W. Drezner, Slate, 20 Aug. 2014 Since the Cold War, Moscow has engaged in a political points-scoring exercise known as "whataboutism" used to shut down criticism of Russia's own rights record by pointing out abuses elsewhere. All criticism of Russia is invalid, the idea goes, because problems exist in other countries too. Max Seddon, Buzzfeed, 25 Nov. 2014 The term is seeing a bit of a renaissance in our current political climate. Philip Bump writes in The Washington Post that President Donald Trump has utilized whataboutism frequently as a way of deflecting criticism for his actions, such as his pardon of former Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio. [I]f you look at, as an example, President Clinton pardoned Marc Rich, who was charged with crimes going back decades, including illegally buying oil from Iran while it held 53 American hostages  wasnt allowed to do that, selling to the enemies of the United States, Trump said at a news conference on Monday. He was pardoned after his wife donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Clintons. He went on with his list: pardons of dangerous criminals, of drug dealers, President Barack Obamas commutation of the sentences of Chelsea Manning and Oscar Lpez Rivera. What about them, he asked? Why is he being maligned when what Clinton and Obama did was so bad? Philip Bump, The Washington Post, 29 Aug. 2017 The specific application of whataboutism to Donald Trump might be prompted in part by his fondness for language that alerts to the tactic itself: What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 20, 2017 ...What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia, including Podesta Company, Uranium deal, Russian Reset, big dollar speeches etc.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 22, 2017 Time will tell if whataboutism can persuade its way into the language, but its recent upswing in usage suggests it may have staying power. At least until someone changes the subject. Words We're Watching talks about words we are increasingly seeing in use but that have not yet met our criteria for entry. <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. Amid growing outrage over the "zero tolerance" immigration policy implemented by President Donald Trump's administration in April, the president and his allies have sought to downplay the practice of separating families who cross the border illegally as nothing new. "This has been going on for 50 years  longer," Trump said on Wednesday, hours before signing an executive order to halt the policy he put in place. "This has been going on under President Obama, under President Bush, this has been going on for many many years. We are gonna see if we can solve it. This is not something that happened just now." This is inaccurate  there was no widespread Obama-era policy of separating parents and children  but it's a common talking point for Republican commentators and members of the president's administration. Trump's policy, now temporarily halted, aimed to prosecute every single illegal border crossing, including asylum-seekers. The government separated children from their parents or legal guardians because the adults had been referred for prosecution for illegal entry into the United States. "The Obama administration, the Bush administration all separated families," Department of Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told reporters at the White House on Monday. "They absolutely did. They did  their rate was less than ours, but they absolutely did do this. This is not new." "This is a policy that is implemented under the Obama Administration," former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski said on Fox News. Matt Schlapp, chairman of the American Conservative Union, made a similar point on Fox News on Friday. "You know what's ironic?" he said. "It's the same way Barack Obama did it." Immigration advocates and former Obama administration officials say that's just not true. The idea that this is simply a continuation of an Obama-era practice is "preposterous," said Denise Gilman, director of the Immigration Clinic at the University of Texas Law School. "There were occasionally instances where you would find a separated family  maybe like one every six months to a year  and that was usually because there had been some actual individualized concern that there was a trafficking situation or that the parent wasnt actually the parent." Once custody concerns were resolved, "there was pretty immediately reunification," Gilman told NBC News. "There were not 2,000 kids in two months  its not the same universe," she added. The Trump administration separated 1,995 children from 1,940 adults from April 19 to May 31, a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said Friday, a period in which the "zero tolerance" policy was in effect. Jeh Johnson, who served as homeland security secretary under Obama, said he did not separate children and parents despite the enormous surges of unaccompanied minors and families that came across the border in 2014 fleeing Central American violence. "In three years on my watch, we probably deported or returned or repatriated about a million people to enforce border security. One of the things I could not do is separate a child from his or her mother, or literally pull a mother from his or her arms," Johnson said on MSNBC last week. I just couldnt do it. Obamas top domestic policy adviser, Cecilia Muoz, said the Obama administration did consider a similar policy, but determined it heartless. "The agencies were surfacing every possible idea, Muoz told The New York Times in an interview recently. "I do remember looking at each other like, Were not going to do this, are we? We spent five minutes thinking it through and concluded that it was a bad idea. The morality of it was clear  thats not who we are." The Obama administration did detain families together  some indefinitely  in hopes of deterring future migrants back in 2014, earning protests and public outrage at the time. "Family separation just adds injury to the insult of detention," said Bradley Jenkins, manager of the Board of Immigration Appeals Pro Bono Project at CLINIC, the Catholic Legal Immigration Network Inc. He argued the detention of asylum-seekers is "unnecessary," and that Obama-era detention centers were concerning, too. During the Obama administration, courts intervened in several cases in which families were detained together. The detention of migrants could not be used as an effort to deter asylum-seekers, according to one ruling. According to another, the detention of minors with their parents ran afoul of the 1997 Flores settlement, a ruling that set standards for the detention of minors by prioritizing them for release to the custody of their families and requiring those in federal custody to be placed in the least restrictive environment possible. On Tuesday, the Trump administration said they are looking for a legislative change to that legal precedent on how the government treats children in immigration custody; on Wednesday, the president announced an executive order to end the policy of child separation that he'd implemented in the Spring. "In each and every one of our negotiations in the last 18 months, all the immigration bills, we asked for resolution on the Flores settlement that is what we view requires 20 days before you have to release children and basically parents been released with children into society," White House Legislative Affairs Director Marc Short told reporters. The executive order Trump signed on Wednesday directs the Department of Defense to help in the housing of families, signaling that Trump now intends to detain families together much like the Obama administration did. Just hours before signing that order, however, Trump said his family separation policy paled in comparison to his impression of the images he saw of the Obama-era family detention centers. "You look at the images from 2014, I was watching this morning and they were showing images from 2014 and they blow away what were doing today," Trump said. "I saw images that were horrible." <N> This piece originally ran at The Huffington Post . "Let's go home." These are the closing words of A Better Life , which my character, the undocumented gardener Carlos Galindo, says as he prepares to walk into the desert and begin his journey back to America and his teenage son after being deported. Like Carlos Galindo, I was once an undocumented worker. My story, however, bears no resemblance to his, or the approximately 12 million undocumented immigrants currently in the United States like him. I came to America for adventure and to learn English with no work visa. When my tourist visa ran out, I continued to work as a waiter in New York, and if I was discovered, I would return to my life in Mexico. That never happened because I eventually became a permanent resident and later on an American citizen, like 3 million other undocumented workers, after Congress passed and President Ronald Reagan signed the Immigration Reform Control Act of 1986 . I was one of the lucky ones. For the majority of the undocumented immigrants currently living inside the United States, deportation isn't an inconvenience. It is a terrifying, traumatic experience that rips people away from their homes, their communities, and, more importantly, the ones they love. Playing Carlos Galindo was my way to wear their skins for a while. As the character, I felt the anxiety of compulsively wondering whether that light I just drove through was yellow or red, the panic whenever a police officer gazed at me for a few seconds too many, and the dread that filled me when I left home for the day, fearing it could be the last time I set eyes upon it. For Carlos Galindo and everyone like him, that is how they live their lives, every day. They fear that being in the wrong place at the wrong time could lead to exile, and it's a terrible burden to bear. During the 2008 campaign, Senator Barack Obama seemed to understand their pain and promised to fix our broken immigration system. He promised to enact comprehensive immigration reform and create a pathway to citizenship for the millions of hardworking people who labor for little money at often thankless jobs to make their children's lives -- and for that matter our lives -- a little bit easier. He pledged to no longer separate children from their parents. Today 4 million children call an undocumented immigrant mom or dad. Children who hug their parents extra tight before they leave for work for fear they'll never see them again. Latinos, like me, rewarded Obama with our vote. In 2008 : because he warmed our hearts. In 2012 : because we believed his second term would free him to get immigration reform done, regardless of Republican obstructionism. But the hope he inspired has spiraled into hopelessness . Since President Obama assumed office, he has deported more than 2 million human beings -- husbands and wives, mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters. In March, the president looked as if he couldn't stomach his deportation record any longer, ordering his new head of homeland security to review how the White House could make the nation's deportation policies more "humane." Maybe the deporter-in-chief would be the reformer-in-chief after all. But in late May, President Obama delayed the review in the belief he could get House Republicans to come to the table and agree on immigration reform before Congress recesses for August. By doing so, the pace of the deportation machine will keep churning, grinding up thousands and thousands of more lives for a gamble whose odds of success are about as long as the fences erected across the Southwest border. This will only reinforce the schizophrenic "We don't want them here, but we need them here" mindset that exploits undocumented workers' labor without any sense of fairness or gratitude for their contributions to our prosperity. I wish I could set up a screening of A Better Life for the president. During its many screenings across the country, the lights come up, and you can feel the prejudice purged from the room and replaced with empathy. More often than not, I hear something like this, "It's the first time I noticed those trucks are gardening trucks and that there are human beings inside who live in fear." Then there are the responses of my friends after watching the film, "You know I see those trucks everywhere now, and they used to be invisible." I want President Obama to have the same epiphany, so sometime soon when someone like Carlos Galindo utters the words, "Let's go home," he isn't on the outside looking in. <N> In an email, a Starbucks spokesperson said that the companys baristas are not provided a script or a policy around greeting customers. They are simply encouraged to create a welcoming environment to delight each person who walks through our doors. So, no, Feuerstein isnt righttheres no ban on Christmas greetings at Starbucks. That being said, Starbucks is a global company that serves millions of customers per day at over 23,000 stores in 68 countries, including the United States, which is home to people who celebrate Christmas, Hannukah, Kwanzaa, other holidays, or nothing at all in December. They cant, as a matter of protocol, wish everyone a Merry Christmas. For those who really, really need their barista to wish them a Merry Christmas to find their delight, Feuerstein has a solution: Tell her your name is Merry Christmas, and then shell have to say it when shes fixed your hot beverage of choice. Guess what, StarbucksI tricked you! Feuerstein says. Clever, clever. The video has been viewed 12 million times. Theres a hashtag. (Sadly for Feuerstein, most of those using it are there to say his campaign is dumb.) And the campaign has been covered as news by such esteemed publications as The Washington Post, The New York Times, and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Doing what newspapers do, they dutifully show both sides of the issue, treating Feuersteins post as if its a Serious Cultural Thing. Which, maybe it is, but that doesnt make it any less inane, ironic, or misguided. Insofar as the Great Starbucks Cup Controversy of 2015 is at all meaningful, its a chance to examine the way mass culture gets created and enforced by corporations, and also to look at how damaging trivial pushback against that mass culture can be. Big business is one of the main aggressors in the War on Christmas. Bill OReilly, the Wars patron saint, has long objected to the oh-so-P.C. Happy Holidays greeting in stores and on cards, claiming the milquetoast phrase represents a suppression of Christian culture in mainstream American life. The thing is, hes got a point. When businesses make the decision to express religiously neutral seasonal greetings, or decorate their stores with non-explicitly Christian holiday symbols, they are making a strategic business decision to try and appeal to a broad and diverse consumer base in the United States, a lot of which is not Christian or religious. That decision is motivated by profit, but it is not culturally meaningless. Advertisements surround us. Almost every interaction in contemporary life involves some sort of monetary transaction, typically with a major corporation, especially around the holidays: Meeting an old friend for coffee involves buying coffee, often at Starbucks; spending the holidays with family involves buying gifts for family, often at Target or Walmart or wherever. With corporations so thoroughly enmeshed with culture, its difficult to argue that they dont play a significant role in mediating culture. So, point for you, War on Christmas folks. <N> HOUSTON, Texas  Breitbart Texas obtained internal federal government photos depicting the conditions of foreign children warehoused by authorities on U.S. soil on Wednesday night. Thousands of illegal immigrants have overrun U.S. border security and their processing centers in Texas along the U.S./Mexico border. Unaccompanied minors, including young girls under the age of 12, are making the dangerous journey from Central America and Mexico, through cartel-controlled territories, and across the porous border onto U.S. soil. The photos illuminate the conditions of the U.S. Border Patrols processing centers, as well as the overwhelming task Border Patrol is facing. Breitbart Texas Border Expert and Contributing Editor Sylvia Longmire reviewed the photos. Breitbart Texas provides the internal U.S. government photos below. Follow Brandon Darby on Twitter: @brandondarby <N> HOUSTON, Texas  Breitbart Texas obtained internal federal government photos depicting the conditions of foreign children warehoused by authorities on U.S. soil on Wednesday night. Thousands of illegal immigrants have overrun U.S. border security and their processing centers in Texas along the U.S./Mexico border. Unaccompanied minors, including young girls under the age of 12, are making the dangerous journey from Central America and Mexico, through cartel-controlled territories, and across the porous border onto U.S. soil. The photos illuminate the conditions of the U.S. Border Patrols processing centers, as well as the overwhelming task Border Patrol is facing. Breitbart Texas Border Expert and Contributing Editor Sylvia Longmire reviewed the photos. Breitbart Texas provides the internal U.S. government photos below. <N> (Photo: Breitbart News) A public-health and public-safety disaster Chaos. That summarizes the situation on Americas southern frontier, as well as Obamas freeing of almost 104,000 illegal-alien criminals last year. He clearly doesnt give a damn about shielding Americans from the public-health and public-safety dangers posed by those who breach the border, including deadly felons now walking American streets. Waves of unaccompanied children are washing over the border with growing intensity. And many are bearing dangerous diseases. Illegals are heading into the general population, even after testing positive for tuberculosis. The feds are putting them on public transportation to God knows where, a law-enforcement official recently told columnist Michelle Malkin. Advertisement Advertisement We are starting to see chicken pox, MRSA staph infections; we are starting to see different viruses, Texas-based Border Patrol agent Chris Cabrera explained to ABCs KNXV-TV in Phoenix. Theres been an outbreak of scabies thats been going on for the past month. Scabies (shown in photos below) is a contagious, intensely itchy skin infection caused by microscopic, burrowing, egg-laying mites. Border Patrol officers have contracted it while handling the flood of illegal-alien children. In the Border Patrol facility in McAllen, Texas, sick and healthy illegals are separated by a strip of yellow tape that reads: Police line. Do not cross. In May 2013, an illegal, age 28, was diagnosed with rabies while detained in southern Texas. He was in his cell, and his throat hurt so bad, he was spitting on the floor, Ryan Wallace of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention told the Corpus Christi Caller-Times. After the Guatemalan died, doctors had to evaluate 742 individuals who had been in contact with him. This crisis is expanding. Some 6,775 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) crossed the U.S.Mexican border in 2011, the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement reports. (The first bar in the ORRs chart, above, should read 20032011.) ORR expects 60,000 UACs this year. This number could reach 130,000 in 2015. Detaining them for $ 252 each, per day, will cost taxpayers $453.6 million per month this year and could cost $982.8 million per month next year. Americans are chewing the moldy fruit of Obamas dictatorial rule by decree. After Congress declined to pass the DREAM Act  designed to give de facto amnesty to children brought into the country by unlawful-immigrant parents  Obama imposed it anyway, via executive order . Then in June 2012, also without statutory authority, Obama launched the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. DACA offers to legalize illegals brought to America as children and just was renewed for two more years  again, without congressional approval. Advertisement #page#These amnesty measures have made news in Mexico and beyond. Advertisement Nora Griselda Bercian Diaz broke into Texas with her daughter, age six. Before surrendering to Border Patrol agents, the Guatemalan mother told KRGV-TV that the perception back home is: Go to America with your child. You wont be turned away. Advertisement Hondurass La Prensa outlined for its readers what happens after kids clear the border and enter U.S. custody: During their stay, in addition to accommodations and food, children receive English classes, play sports, and participate in targeted programs while immigration authorities contact their families. The message in Mexico and Central America is: Come and get it! Thus, parents already here illegally now summon their alien children. Homeland Security officials actually assisted the criminal [child-trafficking] conspiracy in achieving its illegal goals, U.S. District Judge Andrew S. Hanen ruled in a case last December. DHS completed the criminal conspiracy, instead of enforcing the laws of the United States, by delivering the minors to the custody of the parent illegally living in the United States. Beyond pathogens, Americans also should beware of potential violence, thanks to the 36,007 illegal-alien convicts whom Obama released last year rather than conclude their deportation proceedings. Responsible for an aggregate 87,818 convictions, these hoods are guilty of: Advertisement  15,635 drunk-driving incidents This would be considered the worst prison break in American history, except it was sanctioned by the president and perpetrated by our own immigration officials, said Representative Lamar Smith (R., Texas) after the Center for Immigration Studies exposed this outrage. These criminal immigrants should have been deported to ensure that they could never commit crimes on U.S. soil. But instead, ICE officials chose not to detain them and instead released them back onto American streets. These drunk drivers, rapists, and killers are in addition to the 67,879 criminals whom Obama separately unleashed in 2013, before their deportation proceedings had begun. All told, Obama has sprung 103,886 illegal-alien criminals. They are enjoying America, neither incarcerated in nor ejected from this country. And, of course, as the Border Patrol devolves into the National Babysitting Service, Islamofascists can waltz in with radioactive isotopes, maps of reservoirs, and blueprints of air-intake ducts. Trans-border tuberculosis? Freed murderers? Terrorists tiptoeing into Texas? Whatever. Advertisement A presidents primary responsibility is to defend Americans from foreign dangers. Alas, as regards this duty, Obama couldnt care less.  Deroy Murdock is a Manhattan-based Fox News Contributor and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution, and Peace at Stanford University. EDITORS NOTE: This article has been amended since its initial posting. <N> Leaked photos show immigrant children packed in crowded Texas border facilities SAN ANTONIO  Photos leaked Thursday from a U.S. Border Patrol facility in the Rio Grande Valley show overflowing holding facilities of immigrants, many of whom are children. The photos, obtained by the conservative website Breitbart, show hundreds of immigrants believed to be in the country illegally from Central America and Mexico being held in crowded concrete rooms similar to a jail cell. Many of the children appear to be teenagers but some clearly are younger. The photos have a timestamp of May 27, 2014. A spokesperson for U.S. Customs and Border Protection said the agency has not officially released any photos at this time in order to protect the rights and privacy of unaccompanied minors in our care. Latest Houston & Texas News Now Playing: Now Playing Suspect sought in Hammerly fatal shooting Metro Video Teen gunned down on Kenilwood Metro Video HFD fights house fire on Rand at Lockwood Metro Video Buzz saw sharks exhibit at Texas Memorial Museum Fox7 Abbott campaign tracker confronted Greg Abbott campaign Adopt Dukes from the SPCA of Texas Fox4 Baby Girl Born in Bathroom of Texas Chick-Fil-A Wibbitz Texas Doctor Killed By Gunman On Bicycle Associated Press Little Boy Is the Cutest Doughnut Thief Storyful James Harden talks about possibility of Carmelo Anthony joining the Rockets Matt Young, Houston Chronicle 1 injured in Cypress Station shooting Metro Video Former convict turns life around, becomes professional chef Fox 26 Houston Aqua S opens in Houston Asia Town district Fox 26 Houston Local chefs competing for $50,000 Fox 26 Houston Michelle Williams seeking professional help for depression Fox 26 Houston Going to Extremes - Lake Travis Zipline Adventures Fox 26 Houston The influx of unaccompanied children across the southwest border has resulted in an urgent humanitarian situation, the CBP spokesperson said. It requires a whole of government coordinated and sustained response. President Barack Obama has directed an effort, lead by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to provide resources and humanitarian relief to affected children, which is a priority, the spokesperson said. It is unclear who leaked the photos to Breitbart. Given the deteriorating security and economic conditions in the Central American countries where most of these children and adult immigrants came from, it's hard to understand how Department of Homeland Security didn't see this coming, Sylvia Longmire, a contributor to Breitbart who focuses on border issues, said on the website. Now, the results of this mismanagement are thousands of individuals living in inhumane conditions for an indeterminate period of time, as well as exhausted and overwhelmed Border Patrol agents and CBP detention facilities. The overwhelming numbers of undocumented immigrants during recent months has impacted San Antonio. A temporary shelter at Joint Base San Antonio Lackland has housed and provided services to 1,820 unaccompanied minors from Central America since May 18, San Antonio Express-News reporter Melissa Fletcher Stoeltje reported. The immigration is part of a surge of children said to be fleeing poverty and violence in their home countries, she reported. For more details on this story, including the conditions of the facility at Lackland, read Fletcher Stoeltje's story at ExpressNews.com or in Friday's print edition of the San Antonio Express-News. _EMAIL_ <N> Photos obtained by the conservative website Breitbart are said to show dozens, perhaps hundreds, of young children packed side by side in a large concrete warehouse identified by the San Antonio Express-News as a U.S. Border Patrol holding station in the Rio Grande Valley in Texas. The children are presumably part of the wave of unaccompanied minors now coming to the U.S. in unprecedented numbers as they flee violence and poverty in Central America. President Obama last week called the trend an urgent humanitarian situation and asked the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate efforts to house and care for the children. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) said in a statement, CBP has not officially released any photos at this time in order to protect the rights and privacy of unaccompanied minors in our care. CBP would not confirm or deny on the record the authenticity of the photos. The photos, which Breitbart published Thursday, appear to have been taken in late May of this year. Advertisement They depict children and adults sitting and laying shoulder-to-shoulder in windowless rooms on hard floors. Some of the photos show portable toilets lined up in the corner of the holding rooms. Many children are now making the trip north from Central American countries like Honduras and Guatemala, where poverty and violence have driven families away. Advertisement Domestic Policy Advisor Cecilia Muoz told Fusion earlier this week that authorities are encountering 90 percent more children now than just a year ago, meaning there are likely tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors entering the country. The administration has said addressing the rising flow of unaccompanied children crossing into the United States is an important priority. Ted Hesson contributed reporting. Fusion has blurred the faces of the people in the two photos included here to protect their privacy. Advertisement Emily DeRuy is a Washington, D.C.-based associate editor, covering education, reproductive rights, and inequality. A San Francisco native, she enjoys Giants baseball and misses Philz terribly. Jorge Rivas is the national affairs correspondent at Fusion. He follows the national conversation through the lens of racial, sexual, and political identity. <N> In recent weeks, the southern U.S. border has developed into a front line of sorts. Almost daily, strident demonstrators protesting the arrival of thousands of undocumented immigrant children pick verbal fights with their opponents  who answer in kind. At issue: the influx of tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors from Central America. On Tuesday, President Barack Obama requested $3.7 billion in emergency funds to deal with the influx of Central American children. The money would mostly be spent on detention, immigration courts, prosecution of smuggling networks and care and transportation of the children, who often travel without their parents, the White House said. Heather Pia Ledezma, 6, attends a rally with her mother who is from Mexico on the steps of the St. John's Episcopal Church near the White House, July 7, 2014. Image: Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call/Getty Images Obama, who has called the border situation a "humanitarian crisis," will meet with faith leaders and local officials in Texas to discuss it on Wednesday. But what's behind this crisis? Here are the things you need to know: Tens of thousands of children are coming from Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala. Though many children had already begun arriving by late 2011, the wave of underage immigration has surged this year. The number of children and teenagers crossing the border from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador alone is expected to reach as many as 90,000 by the end of 2014, according to the Los Angeles Times. The children are fleeing poverty and atrocious gang violence in their home countries. A little-known anti-trafficking law signed by President George W. Bush has also drawn a lot of children, as The New York Times reported. (The legislation gave significant protections to children entering the country alone, including an immigration hearing and consultation with an advocate.) Meanwhile, critics of Obama's immigration policy blame his decision in 2012 to allow some immigrants who were illegally brought into the country as children to stay and work without fear of deportation. These critics say the policy has been misunderstood by people in Central America as an incentive to send their children to the United States. Sometimes, as the pictures below reveal, the children are held in overcrowded and unsanitary conditions. A number of images obtained by Breitbart Texas, including the one below, show holding cells at nine different U.S. Customs and Border Protection facilities in southern Texas. Image: Breitbart Texas/Brandon Darby Though Obama has repeatedly declared himself in favor of immigration reform, he has deported more than 2 million people  more than any other president in history  and often for minor infractions. In fact, the rate of immigrants being apprehended at the border is near a historic low, in part as a result of the recent economic crisis as well as aggressive deportation by the Obama administration. Still, the vocal and sometimes contentious protests in recent weeks continue. <N> WASHINGTON  - The Obama administration on Monday announced it is designating a third U.S. military base for emergency housing of children immigrating illegally into the United States without parents or relatives, as the cost of caring for these minors escalated. U.S. President Barack Obama talks before he signs a presidential memorandum on reducing the burden of student loan debt in the East Room of the White House in Washington, June 9, 2014. REUTERS/Larry Downing Senior administration officials, who asked not to be identified, told reporters that an Army base at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, will initially hold 600 unaccompanied minors and eventually will be able to accommodate up to 1,200. In recent weeks, the Obama administration has opened similar emergency shelters at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, and Naval Base Ventura County in Southern California. The moves come amid a tidal wave of children trying to slip into the United States, largely from Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala, often to join a parent already here. Reuters previously reported that the administration was seeking about $2 billion for the Department of Health and Human Services to handle the influx in fiscal 2015, which begins on Oct. 1, more than double the $868 million appropriated this year. HHS takes custody of the children shortly after they are detained at the border by federal law enforcement agents. On Monday, administration officials said they would be asking Congress for an additional $560 million to help the Department of Homeland Security cope with the illegal border crossings. One week ago, the White House director of domestic policy, Cecilia Munoz, attributed the rapid run-up in illegal immigration by unaccompanied minors to growing violence  often drug related or due to domestic abuse  in the three Central American countries. That violence, she said, was encouraging children, including an unusually high number of girls and children under the age of 13, to leave home unaccompanied by parents or relatives. Administration officials have been countering suggestions by political opponents that the influx could be related to either Obama administration policies or legislation pending in the U.S. Congress to revamp immigration law. One of the officials, noting high murder rates in Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, said, If they (unaccompanied minors) are coming solely because of immigration policies, you would see large numbers from other countries (in Central America), including Mexico as well. The officials did not provide figures on how many children the U.S. government was holding in detention and putting through deportation proceedings. Besides opening new shelter facilities, the administration has announced that it is working with Mexican and Central American governments to try to discourage children from making the dangerous journey to the United States and to try to further secure borders. <N> Images of children and youths sitting in concrete-floored cages in U.S. shelter facilities have generated outrage. U.S. officials have defended the measures as a way to secure the border and deter illegal entry. U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced a "zero tolerance" policy in April that all immigrants apprehended while crossing the U.S.-Mexico border illegally should be criminally prosecuted under the country's criminal entry statute. U.S. officials said on Friday (June 15) that nearly 2,000 children were separated from adults at the border between mid-April and the end of May. The policy has led to family separations because when border agents refer apprehended migrants to court for prosecution, parents are held in federal jail to await trial by a judge while the children either remain in border patrol custody or are moved to facilities. Most of the children are from Central America, especially Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. Administration officials have defended the tactic as necessary to secure the border and suggested it would act as a deterrent to illegal immigration. But the policy has drawn condemnation from medical professionals, religious leaders and immigration activists, who warn that some children could suffer lasting psychological trauma. The children are held in government facilities, released to adult sponsors or placed in temporary foster care. Congressional Republicans have been scrambling to craft legislation as videos and images of youngsters in cages and an audiotape of wailing children have sparked anger at home from groups ranging from clergy to influential business leaders, as well as condemnation abroad. U.S. President Donald Trump told Republican lawmakers he would back either of the immigration bills currently making their way through the House of Representatives. Both Republican bills under discussion, which have been blasted by Democrats and immigration advocacy groups, would fund the border wall and reduce legal migration, in part by denying visas for some relatives of U.S. residents and citizens who are living abroad, sometimes referred to as "chain migration." House Republicans are working on a revised draft of one version of an immigration overhaul that would prevent family separations in some cases for those attempting an illegal border crossing for the first time, according to a House Republican aide. The draft bill was seen just days ago as unlikely to pass, but has gained support in the House, and it was unclear whether the new language about preventing family separations would improve its chances for passage. The more conservative bill from Representative Bob Goodlatte would also deny "Dreamers," immigrants brought illegally to the United States as children, the chance of future citizenship. During a meeting with Republican lawmakers, Trump told them that separating families was "certainly not an attractive thing and does look bad. Representative Mark Meadows said Trump told Republican members of the House at the meeting on Capitol Hill that they needed to get something done on immigration "right away." White House spokesman Raj Shah said Trump "endorsed both House immigration bills that build the wall, close legal loopholes, cancel the visa lottery, curb chain migration, and solve the border crisis and family separation issue by allowing for family detention and removal." Read more: How to Help Children Separated From Their Families at the Border Trump, who has made a tough stance on immigration a centerpiece of his presidency, has staunchly defended his administration's actions. He has cast blame for the family separations on Democrats, although his fellow Republicans control both chambers in Congress and his own administration implemented the current policy of strict adherence to immigration laws. "These are laws that have been broken for many years, decades," Trump told reporters after the meeting.  Reuters contributed to this report. <N> The United States Justice Department said this morning that Elian was taken safely from the home at about 5:10 a.m. and was flown to Andrews Air Force Base near Washington, where his father, Juan Miguel Gonzalez, waited. Later in the morning, Mr. Gonzalez was seen carrying Elian from a car at the base. ''They are together,'' said Myron Marlin, a Justice Department spokesman. Within minutes of being reunited with his father, stepmother and 6-month-old half-brother, Elian was ''totally at ease'' and laughing, said Gregory B. Craig, Juan Miguel Gonzalez's lawyer. Photographs released by the lawyer showed a beaming Elian. The family will be taken to an undisclosed location in the Washington area, where it can be assured of privacy, officials said. Elian, one Justice Department spokesman said, was subdued and calm on the flight from Miami, as federal agents gently explained what was happening. Hundreds of unhappy Cuban-American demonstrators clashed with the police here this afternoon, and by late in the evening, The Associated Press reported, more than 260 people had been arrested. The distraught Miami relatives, saying they wanted to assure themselves that the boy was happy and safe, boarded a plane to Washington, seeking a meeting with Mr. Gonzalez, who had not yet decided whether to grant one. The relatives -- Lazaro, Delfin and Marisleysis Gonzalez -- were met at Reagan National Airport by a police escort. They had hoped to go directly to Andrews to see Elian, but were told they would be turned away at the gate. Advertisement Continue reading the main story They drove to Capitol Hill, where they met with Senator Bob Smith, Republican of New Hampshire. The family and Mr. Smith then drove to the Air Force base, where they were turned away. Attorney General Janet Reno told reporters this morning that she had tried until the final moment of the standoff to try to find some other way that father and son could be reunited, but that no agreement could be reached. Ms. Reno also defended the decision to use force, and armed agents, saying there were reports that people in the crowd or the neighborhood had weapons. She had no other choice, she said, but to order the raid on the home of Lazaro Gonzalez. ''Elian is safe and no one is seriously hurt,'' she said. This does not mean Elian is on his way back to Cuba. Under an order by a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, in Atlanta, Elian's father cannot take the boy home before a decision in a hearing on Elian's application, filed by his relatives, for political asylum. The hearing is scheduled for May 11. But at the two-bedroom house in Little Havana, where Elian has lived under the constant watch of television cameras and of demonstrators who have turned him into an almost saintlike presence as well as a prize in the 41-year-old cold war with Mr. Castro, people wailed, sank to the ground and cursed the United States government for what it had done. ''They're animals,'' screeched Marisleysis Gonzalez to the swelling crowd this morning. While exiles here had kept vigil in anticipation of such a raid for months, the timing -- the morning after Good Friday and the day before Easter in a heavily Roman Catholic community -- and the violent, sudden nature of it, left them in as much disbelief as rage. A crowd of demonstrators had slowly dwindled overnight from hundreds to about 50 people, some sleeping behind police barricades, when three white unmarked vans sped down the dark street and stopped in front of the house. Advertisement Continue reading the main story ''They're here! They're here!'' demonstrators shouted. About 20 agents of the Immigration and Naturalization Service leaped from the vans and tore through a chain-link gate. Eight broke through the front door and, displaying automatic weapons, stormed through the tiny house in search of Elian. Cesar Camejo, a cousin of Lazaro Gonzalez, was in the house with the family watching television as the agents burst in. ''They held Marisleysis down and told her not to move in Spanish,'' Mr. Camejo said. The agents shouted at the others not to move or interfere, as Marisleysis pleaded: ''Don't take the boy. Don't take the boy.'' The boy was hiding in a closet in the arms of Donato Dalrymple, one of the two fishermen who rescued Elian from the Atlantic Ocean and who has been a constant presence at the house. An agent in helmet and body armor, holding an automatic rifle, pulled the boy from Mr. Dalrymple's arms. The agent, Mr. Dalrymple said, pointed the rifle at him as Elian cried ''No! No! No!'' An Associated Press photograph, sent around the world, showed the gun close to Elian's face, but Ms. Reno said that the barrel was never pointed at the boy and that the agent's finger was not on the trigger. The photograph bears out that description. The boy was handed to a female agent who cradled him in her arms and, with help from another agent, raced out into the din and confusion of the street and quickly through the side doors of a van. Elian's eyes were wide open. He cried and seemed terrified as all around him people screamed, cursed and fought against a line of federal agents who formed a wall with shields and automatic weapons as a cloud of tear gas and pepper spray wafted down the street. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. In all, the operation took about three minutes. A few protesters tried to form a human chain to block the front of the house and keep the agents from taking the boy. Ramon Saul Sanchez, an exile in Miami who has become the leader in the demonstrations, said he was struck by an agent's gun butt. He bled from an ear as a young man held him upright. Moments after Elian was taken from the bedroom closet, he was aboard a plane and headed for Washington and his father. A female United States immigration agent comforted him. Advertisement Continue reading the main story ''This may seem very scary,'' the agent told him in Spanish, officials said. ''It will soon be better.'' Ms. Reno called for giving father and son privacy to become reacquainted. ''Let us give him and his father the space, the calm, the moral support they need to reconnect and reaffirm their bond between father and son,'' Ms. Reno said. After taking Elian from the house, agents had whisked him to nearby Watson Island, where they boarded a helicopter to Homestead Air Force Base in southern Miami-Dade County. A doctor examined him to make sure the boy had not been injured. Continuing an extraordinary voyage for a boy who was shipwrecked off Florida and had never flown before, Elian was then put on a United States Marshals Service plane for Washington. The immigration agent who comforted Elian on board was joined by a psychiatrist, a flight surgeon and the Immigration and Naturalization Service agent who had led the rescue operation, officials said. ''All of our reports so far are that the child has been very calm, has not been anxious, has not been thrashing, has not been crying,'' said Doris Meissner, commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service. ''And the basic feedback that we have from a series of people now, who have been directly with him, is that he is a real terrific, tough kid.'' Few details had been ignored. The immigration agent at Elian's side, whose name was not released for security reasons, soothed him with prearranged words cleared by psychologists. He was offered food and drink. He was also offered a few toys: some Play-Doh, an airplane, a map and a watch, an administration official said. Juan Miguel Gonzalez rushed to the Andrews base in a convoy of vehicles to await Elian's arrival. He had been staying at the residence in Bethesda, Md., of Cuba's top diplomat in the United States. Advertisement Continue reading the main story ''They need more space,'' Mrs. Meissner said. ''And they need more privacy.'' Mr. Craig, Juan Miguel Gonzalez's lawyer, reiterated his client's pledge to remain in the United States while the Miami relatives seek a political asylum hearing on his behalf. The raid apparently came as a shock to the family in Miami. The family had thought that negotiations would continue, said family members and their lawyers, but Ms. Reno said that it had been obvious the family was not going to budge. President Clinton said this morning that ''the law has been upheld.'' ''When all efforts failed,'' Mr. Clinton said, ''there was no alternative but to enforce the decision by the I.N.S. and federal court that Juan Miguel Gonzalez have custody of his son. ''I think that it was the right thing to do,'' Mr. Clinton said. ''I am very pleased with the way she handled it.'' But in Miami, people compared the raid to something that might happen in Communist Cuba and swore that the United States government would regret its actions. ''We never expected the federal government to come in like they did, like thieves in the night,'' said Carlos Brito, who demonstrated outside the house almost every night for months. ''I've always been proud of being an American, but this morning I wish I were a citizen of any other country. I've always defended this country, but to take this boy in the middle of the night? Today, the federal government has betrayed me.'' Rosa de la Cruz, 58, said she was knocked to the ground by an armed man, near a gardenia bush in front of the house. ''I was praying,'' Ms. Cruz said. Outside the house, in the minutes after the raid, three young men held each other and sobbed. One woman sat in a ditch, crying and holding her face in her hands. People rushed back and forth yelling, unsure whom to vent their anger on. An American flag was flown upside down in disrespect. Advertisement Continue reading the main story In the city, protests gradually swelled as groups for blocks around the house burned tires in intersections and snarled traffic by standing or marching in the road. Protesters punched, kicked and spat at the police, and hurled bus benches into streets, which soon clogged with backed-up traffic, ambulances and fire trucks. Protesters blocked the access roads to the Miami International Airport, and traffic backed up for miles. The Associated Press reported that by late afternoon protesters started more than 207 fires, mostly burning tires and trash, and emergency crews had answered at least 69 injury calls while a nearby hospital treated 11 people, all for minor injuries. Earlier in the morning as the raid was being conducted, the police appeared to have no presence at all at the house. Miami police had stood watch at the house for months, but as the federal agents moved in, there seemed to be no uniformed officers there to aid with the operation. Only several minutes later, after the federal agents had left, did the Miami police move in. Mayor Joseph Carollo of Miami said he had not been told about the raid, but that was not a surprise. Mr. Carollo has made it clear that he sides with the exile community in this fight. That community, he said, is ''destroyed, emotionally destroyed.'' Mayor Alex Penelas of Miami-Dade County, who had also sided with the exile community, said he, too, had not heard about the raid until after it was over. Mr. Penelas had pledged that his officers would not aid the federal government in any attempt to take Elian. Later in the day, police officers responded to try to keep the peace. But the paralyzing of Miami that some people here had feared if the government seized the boy never really happened. By late afternoon, the crowds had dissipated. What many people talked about was a sense of something lost. ''My heart was taken out,'' said Ledia Chavez, 38, who came from Cuba in 1962. <N> The raid started at 5:15 a.m. on a small Miami street on the morning of April 22, 2000. By 5:18 a.m., it was over. Elian Gonzalez was removed from the home of relatives to be reunited with his father, and a chapter of the family's bitter custody battle was closed. AP Photo/Alan Diaz "In three minutes," reported then-CBS News correspondent Byron Pitts, "six-year-old Elian Gonzalez -- dressed in a t-shirt, draped in fear -- was gone." Elian had been rescued by two fishermen on Thanksgiving Day in 1999, floating alone off the coast of Florida. His mother had drowned during their attempted escape from Cuba. He was placed with relatives in Miami, but his father -- with the backing of former Cuban President Fidel Castro -- began an campaign to have the boy sent home to Cuba. CBS News The custody fight came to a dramatic head on that April morning, with Elian being whisked away in the arms of a Spanish-speaking federal agent assigned to the case to provide the child comfort. "They came into our house, took the boy, threw us down like dogs," one relative told CBS News outside the home after the raid had ended. Dubbed "Operation Reunion," the entire mission was carried out with military precision as demonstrators protested in the streets. CBS News "Three minutes of calculated chaos by heavily armed agents from U.S. Immigration, who sprayed anyone in their path with pepper spray," Pitts said. "It was force met by anger." By the end of the day, Elian was back with his father under military guard at a U.S. Air Force base near Washington. His relatives also flew to Washington to fight for him to stay Miami, but when it was all said and done Elian returned to Cuba with his dad in June of 2000. Now 22 years old, he has lived a relatively quiet life and has rarely spoken to the press. In 2005, CBS News' Bob Simon interviewed him for "60 Minutes." Elian told Simon what he remembered about the raid. "When they said I was going to see my father, at that moment, then I felt joy that I could get out of that house." Last year, 15 years after the chaotic raid, he spoke to ABC News about his life as an adult. He revealed that he was engaged, studying to become an engineer, and would like to one day visit the U.S. to go to a baseball game and see the monuments in Washington, D.C. <N> Elin Gonzlez was born in 1993 to divorced parents. In 1999, his mother brought him along when she decided to escape the Castro regime, but drowned during the journey. Florida fishermen found 5-year-old Elin floating alone off the coast, near Fort Lauderdale. Although his Cuban-American relatives fought to keep him in the United States, Elin's father insisted on his return to Cuba. The Clinton administration ultimately backed the father's claim and extracted Elin forcibly in 2000. Profile Born December 6, 1993, in Crdenas, Cuba, Elin Gonzlez became the focus of an international political uproar in late 1999 and early 2000 after he was rescued from a boat accident that killed his mother and a small group of other Cuban refugees trying to reach Florida in November of 1999. Elins parents, Juan Miguel Gonzlez and Elizabeth Brotons Rodrguez, were both natives of Crdenas, Cuba. The couple divorced in 1991 after six years of marriage, but continued their efforts to have a child until 1993, when Elin was born. The couple separated for good in 1996, but both remained close with their son, who spent up to five nights a week with his father or one of his grandmothers and the rest of the time with his mother, who had moved in with her boyfriend, Lazaro Rafael Munero. Rodrguez took Elin with her when she and Munero decided to flee the harsh economic conditions of Cuba in a boat bound for America. His mother and ten others aboard their vessel would not survive the journey. Elin Gonzlez became the center of international controversy when he was found floating alone on an inner tube near Miami after leaving Castro's Cuba with his mother. (Photo: Jorge Rey/Getty Images) After two Florida fishermen found Elin stranded on an inner tube floating offshore near Fort Lauderdale on Thanksgiving Day, members of his extended family took him into their care. By the time the youngster celebrated his sixth birthday in December of 1999, he had become a symbol of the long-running feud between the community of Cuban exiles living in the United States (particularly in Florida) and the Cuban leader Fidel Castro. Even as Elin's Miami relatives, particularly his great-uncles Lzaro and Delfin Gonzlez and his cousin, Marisleysis Gonzlez, insisted that he stay in the U.S. and gain the new life his mother had wanted for him, Castro and the boy's family in Cuba  and eventually the U.S. government  stood behind Juan Miguel Gonzlez, who wanted his son back. After months of legal squabbling, endless press coverage, and heated demonstrations in both Miami and Cuba, U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno, with the full backing of President Bill Clinton, ordered that Elin's relatives in Miami surrender him to U.S. Department of Justice custody. When they refused, Reno ordered a dramatic and controversial dawn rescue mission that unfolded in the early morning hours of April 22, when federal agents, armed with submachine guns, forced their way into the Miami home of Lazro Gonzlez and seized a terrified Elin. Alan Diaz, a photographer for the Associated Press, captured a dramatic image of the moment in a photograph that won the Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography. Elin was flown to Washington, D.C., immediately and reunited with his father. They subsequently returned to Cuba and were greeted with great fanfare. The Gonzlez family enjoyed special treatment from the Castro administration. In fact, for many years, Fidel Castro himself attended Elin's birthday parties. Elian Gonzalez is seen in a church of Havana in 2010, during the celebration of 10th anniversary of his return from Miami. (Photo: ADALBERTO ROQUE/AFP/Getty Images) Adulthood While Elin may have receded from the headlines of American media, he has remained a prominent figure in Cuba, as has his father, who was viewed by Castro as a national hero for taking his custody claims to the highest levels (just three days after Elin was found at sea, his father filed a complaint with the United Nations, requesting the return of his son). Cuban journalist Lissy Rodrguez has written that it was not possible for Gonzlez to return to Cuba and simply reintegrate quietly into society because his story epitomized Cuban family and social values. Elin and his father have been seen frequently at important national events, such as protests for the return of The Cuban Five (five Cuban intelligence officers who were accused of espionage by the U.S. and held in federal detention for more than a decade) and a welcome home ceremony for the Five when they were released from U.S. custody. In Gonzlez's home town of Crdenas, there's even a statue of him, fist raised in the air, outside a museum, and it was Fidel Castro himself who inscribed Elin in the Communist Youth Union in 2008. In 2010, Elin entered a Cuban military academy and was frequently photographed in his olive green uniform. He went on to graduate with an engineering degree from the University of Matanzas in 2016. In his free time, Gonzlez enjoys swimming, playing baseball, going out with friends, watching movies, listening to music, and spending time with his fiance, Ilianet Escano. Gonzlez has also told the press that he enjoys reading, and above all, reading Fidel Castro's books. He says that Castro would send him books regularly. In a May 2015 interview with ABC News, Gonzlez said he would like to return to the United States as a tourist, to see a baseball game, visit Washington museums, and talk to Americans. His uncle, Delfin Gonzlez, from whose home Elan was removed, said the family would be happy to see him, and that, despite efforts to communicate with him, they have not had contact with Elin in the years since he returned to Cuba. <N> The players set off on a victory parade just hours after arriving back from Istanbul, where they secured the title by beating AC Milan on penalties. The city was transformed into a sea of red as crowds 20-deep surrounded the team's red open-topped bus. Fans climbed rooftops, billboards and traffic signs to get the best views. The victory parade, led by 20 mounted police officers, passed Anfield before making its way to St George's Hall. Merseyside Police said between 750,000 and 1m people had gathered in Liverpool to watch the parade. "Early indications are that we could be looking at up to half a million people, including those who come to St George's Hall at the end of the parade," he said. Waiting for the parade outside Anfield, one 23-year-old fan hailed Steven Gerrard as a hero. He said: "We were watching it in the pub, but I went home at half time - I felt sick in my stomach. Stevie Gerrard, though - what a hero." Alistair Tubby, 43, of Litherland, said he never doubted his team would win. The glory days are returning Liverpool fan Alistair Tubby "I never doubted we would win it again - every side has a dip some time in its history and we've had ours. The glory days are returning." Steven Gerrard and Rafa Benitez were given a heroes' welcome as they led the team onto home soil at about 1630 BST. At Liverpool John Lennon Airport the team were cheered by fans before being greeted by the Lord Mayor of Liverpool, Alan Dean, who invited them to take part in the victory parade. Some fans had stayed in the city centre overnight to keep a good vantage point. Liverpool's Lord Mayor asked the team to take part in a victory tour Business experts estimated one in five workers in Liverpool were taking Thursday off after partying into the early hours to celebrate the victory. But it was not just Liverpool fans who were staying away. Frank McKenna, of private sector consortium Downtown Liverpool in Business, said many Evertonians may have taken the day off to escape colleagues' jibes. He said: "From our members' experience today, absenteeism is clearly running quite high at about 20%, but this is for a variety of reasons. Champagne toast "Obviously, you have got the Liverpudlians ringing in with sore heads but there are also a fair few Evertonians taking the day off as well to avoid the gloating from their colleagues." The 20% does not include fans who booked the day off in advance as holiday but is made up of "sickies", last minute holiday and lieu days. Meanwhile, celebrating Liverpool fans have drunk more than 10,000 bottles of champagne to toast the triumph. Sales have gone through the roof, with more champagne sold in the Liverpool area than over the Christmas and New Year's Eve period. A spokesman for Sainsbury's said: "We've never seen anything like it. We would usually expect to sell this much champagne at Christmas. "Certainly, this year, Christmas has arrived very early in Liverpool." <N> Get Weekly Politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email Liverpool is one of the most left-wing cities in Britain, according to new research. Analysis of tens of millions of general election votes cast for the Conservatives and Labour in general elections between 1983 and 2015 has revealed where cities sit on the political spectrum. In the new analysis, by the Trinity Mirror Data Unit, Liverpool came second with a left-wingness score of 60 points. That is a lower percentage than any other large town or city in England - ahead of Manchester, Hull, Sheffield and Newcastle. Glasgow came first on the tables - emerging as the most left-wing place of all in the UK. Changes to the boundaries of constituencies - such as those being proposed at the moment - can make it difficult to track the historic performance of different parties over time. The research looks at all seats which have existed since 1983 covering the city of Liverpool. A total of 1,187,529 votes have been cast in those seats for either the Tories or Labour. Of those, 80.0% went to Labour and just 20.0% to the Conservatives. (Image: Tony Nicoletti) That compares with 47.5 points in Manchester, 43.6 points in Hull and 38.5 points in Sheffield. The most right-wing city is Bournemouth. Of the votes that have gone to either Labour or the Conservatives in Bournemouth since 1983, 74.3% have gone to the Tories. That gives the city a left-wingness score of MINUS 48.7. Portsmouth, Reading and Milton Keynes all closely follow Bournemouth with their scores. Portsmouth (minus 23.1), Reading (minus 14.3) and Milton Keynes (minus 7.7). <N> Riot police had to step in to prevent violence in Liverpool, as left activists barred the far-right English Defence League (EDL) movement from holding a rally in the citys center. At least 12 people were arrested amid clashes between the two groups. An EDL National Demo was scheduled to take place in the Liverpool city center at 1:30pm local time Saturday. A large number of riot vans, police officers, including mounted and canine units were deployed to the city center to prevent possible violence between far-right and far-left activists. EDL members started to gather in a pub on London Road at noon, while anti-fascist protesters gathered with a purpose to confront them. The "Newcastle division" of the EDL has just arrived pic.twitter.com/pDKxjnYZ1p  Connor Dunn (@ConnorDunn7) 3  2017 . Far left activists blocked the road to prevent EDL members from holding their rally. Riot police had to step in as the situation got heated, when the two groups with polarized political views propelled projectiles of sorts at each other, namely bottles, tomatoes and bananas. Firecracker explosions were reportedly heard at the scene. At least 12 people were arrested over various offences during the clashes, according to the police. Flares being set off as the EDL members appear to be moving back towards London Road pic.twitter.com/aKITKYpoee  Lorna Hughes (@lorna_hughes) 3  2017 . Following a number of arrests for public order offences and increasing animosity between both groups the decision was made to disperse those involved in the EDL procession in the interests of the safety of those working, living and visiting the city center. At some points members of the left wing were seen to throw darts and flares were also activated, the Liverpool Echo newspaper quoted Deputy Chief Constable Carl Foulkes as saying. Liverpool sends the EDL packing again. Lots of love to @_EMAIL_ managing situation so well Liverpool heroes #Liverpoolpic.twitter.com/y5Xe5ay0QA  Cllr Sean Donnelly (@cllrsdonnelly) 3  2017 . The EDL was effectively unable to hold its planned march, and the group eventually was escorted by police to the nearby Lime Street train station, where officers directed EDL members to get on trains, while taking away others by buses. READ MORE: Tense stand-off in London as police separate far-right & anti-fascist protesters (VIDEO, PHOTOS) <N> Whats Going On With Justin Trudeaus Eyebrow? 4:46 PM 06/10/2018 Amber Athey | Media and Breaking News Editor share on facebook tweet this share Share Print Reddit Share Email WhatsApp Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau appeared to be losing an eyebrow when speaking with reporters on Thursday at the G7 Summit. French President Emmanuel Macron and Trudeau addressed reporters at the summit, and Trudeau trashed the United States for implementing new metal tariffs on U.S. allies. However, Twitter users pointed out that during his screed it looked like he may have been losing a fake eyebrow. WATCH: Justin Trudeaus left eyebrow detached after meeting Trump  so what? These days, who doesnt wear fake eyebrows? pic.twitter.com/EZTeYllCrH  Mike (@Doranimated) June 10, 2018 The original video on the Canadian public access channel, CPAC, showed that the weird eyebrow situation was, in fact, real. I dont like spreading fake news so I wanted to check the source material. It checks out. Look at 27:25 here on CPAC. The only thing thats fake may be the eyebrows. #EyebrowGate _LINKS_  Stephen Taylor (@stephen_taylor) June 10, 2018 It is unclear if he was simply suffering from bad lighting or just abnormally bushy eyebrows, but Twitter ran rampant with speculation. Just so you know, yes its true. Justin Trudeau wears fake eyebrows and takes really good care of us most of the time. But hes really intimidated by @realDonaldTrump, and the sweat loosened the glue that keeps us attached. No biggie  Trudeaus Eyebrows (@TrudeausEyebro1) June 10, 2018 I will never forgive Twitter for making me Google Justin Trudeau eyebrows at 2 a.m.  Melissa Martin (@DoubleEmMartin) June 10, 2018 I thought that was video manipulation to make fun of him however the same eyebrow weirdness is also going on in this photo posted by Trudeau cheerleaders at Global News. _LINKS_  Ian (@ianberg) June 9, 2018 Other photos of Trudeau from different events show a similar eyebrow situation, so its quite likely he just has naturally full brows. President Trump hit back at Trudeau after leaving the G7 summit early to attend a meeting with North Koreas Kim Jong Un in Singapore. Trump called Trudeau very dishonest and weak and accused him of making false statements about tariffs between U.S. and Canada. (RELATED: President Trump Slams Dishonest And Weak G7 Performance From Trudeau) Follow Amber on Twitter <N> Published time: 10 Jun, 2018 20:35 Twitter has gone into meltdown over whether Justin Trudeau was wearing fake eyebrows during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron during the G7 summit. As Justin Trudeau fielded questions from reporters during a press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday, the attentions of those watching live drifted to a seemingly drooping left eyebrow. Footage of the press conference posted online shows the bilingual prime minister answering questions varying in subject from Trump to trade before the tell-tale brow appears to come unglued The incident has led to accusations that Trudeau is buffing up his eyebrows with a couple of stick-on substitutes. While its unclear whether the eyebrow is actually falling or if its a trick of the light, the internet has responded with expected amounts of mirth and memes to mercilessly mock the Canadian politician. q Justin Trudeaus left eyebrow detached after meeting Trump  so what? These days, who doesnt wear fake eyebrows? pic.twitter.com/EZTeYllCrH June 10, 2018 Q q Getting blown away Googling now Justin Trudeaus eyebrowsGetting blown away pic.twitter.com/4b8mR5jiVb June 10, 2018 Q Some even think its possible that Trudeaus unglued brow could be the first real faux pas in a public life perfectly manicured with eye-catching socks and jogging photobombs. q Enough of me unfairly making fun of Justin Trudeaus falling eyebrow. There is far more to our PM than just silly vanity. pic.twitter.com/yjRC0yYKrQ June 10, 2018 Q Have your say  is Trudeau wearing fake eyebrows or is it a very, very unfortunate optical illusion? <N> They're calling it EyebrowGate. During a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's eyebrow seems to slide down his face. Now Twitter conspiracy theorists are replacing cries of 'Fake News' with 'Fake Brows'. It could have been a lighting issue, or the camera angle, but as Trudeau speaks, it seems like his dark eyebrow has slipped down and is in danger of hitting him in the eye. During a press conference on Thursday, Justin Trudeau's right eyebrow seems to be slipping down his face Justin Trudeau's eyebrow (right) seems to be sliding down into his eye as he answers questions at a press conference Now, Twitter is abuzz. Even former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee got in on the joke, tweeting, 'Breaking wind from CNN! @realdonaldtrump announces new tariffs on fake eyebrows!' Many people followed Huckabee's lead, referencing President Trump's Saturday night twitter attack on Trudeau Another twitter user said, 'Justin Trudeau's eyebrows just stole my whiskey and drove off in my car. One tweet about President Trump's famous book 'The Art of the Deal' and 'brow beating' Trudeau Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has some fun about the brows and the recent tariff news The eyebrows launched their own Twitter account, late Saturday, and have been tweeting ever since And they eyebrows even have their own twitter account. They made their online presence known with a tweet that says, 'Just so you know, yes it's true. Justin Trudeau wears fake eyebrows and takes really good care of us most of the time. But he's really intimidated by @realdonaldtrump, and the sweat loosened the glue that keeps us attached. No biggie.' And while people had a great deal of fun with the brow news, many pointed out that the Thursday press conference with Macron was not the first time Trudeau's eyebrows seemed to be trying to escape. But with photos like these, people on Twitter will likely continue to have fun with it for the foreseeable future At another event on Thursday, it is clear that Trudeau's brows are firmly attached to his forehead There was no sign of anything being fake in this photo on Saturday, thought they are patchy A twitter user captures the sentiments of many, after conspiracy theorists spread the word that Trudeau's brows were falling off <N> Let's get this straight right from the get-go: We are not saying that Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau wears fake eyebrows. But lots of other people are. Justin Trudeaus left eyebrow detached after meeting Trump  so what? These days, who doesnt wear fake eyebrows? pic.twitter.com/EZTeYllCrH  Mike (@Doranimated) June 10, 2018 I don't like spreading fake news so I wanted to check the source material. It checks out. Look at 27:25 here on CPAC. The only thing that's fake may be the eyebrows. #EyebrowGate _LINKS_  Stephen Taylor (@stephen_taylor) June 10, 2018 There's even a brand-new account on Twitter, "Trudeau's Eyebrows," which at last count had 178 followers. Just so you know, yes it's true. Justin Trudeau wears fake eyebrows and takes really good care of us most of the time. But he's really intimidated by @realDonaldTrump, and the sweat loosened the glue that keeps us attached. No biggie  Trudeau's Eyebrows (@TrudeausEyebro1) June 10, 2018 This has all prompted some heavy-duty investigation. While a fake eyebrow scandal would rule, the photographic record shows Justin Trudeau's left eyebrow grows thicker on the bottom along the supraorbital ridge. A streak of thinner hair parts upward closer to the glabella. This is why it can look like a fake eyebrow is falling off. pic.twitter.com/yL7QbAk2mN  Sean Craig (@sdbcraig) June 10, 2018 A long thread on Reddit mostly concluded that the droopy eyebrow was simply the result of some bad lighting. But still, the conspiracy theory flourished. The big news from this weeks G7 Summit in Quebec is that Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau's eyebrows became detached from his forehead. #Trudeauseyebrows#G7Summit #EyebrowGate pic.twitter.com/sB8Sv36m8R  Union Magazine (@UnionFeatures) June 10, 2018 One wag even theorized that the wandering eyebrow is what prompted President Trump to blast Trudeau after the G7 in Quebec. Buck, this might explain why Trump let Trudeau have it Can't take a guy seriously if his eyebrow is winking at you the whole time and falling off....LOL_LINKS_  Bob Darrah (@Bob4Right) June 10, 2018 So we don't know. We really don't know. We suggest you Google "Trudeau's eyebrow," weigh all the facts and decide for yourself. <N> Social media are abuzzzzz with the question. Does Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau wear fake eyebrows? If not, can someone explain what the public is seeing in this video? Youve heard of politicians raising eyebrows, but this is the first time the public has seen one lowering them  perhaps involuntarily. Some are calling it part of the the Trump curse, how bad and embarrassing things seem to befall those critical of President Trump. What do YOU think? Sound off Justin Trudeaus falling eyebrow. Take the WND Poll! And Trudeau has certainly been among the leaders in that regard in recent days. Sunday, Trumps chief economic adviser Larry Kudlow accused Trudeau of undermining the U.S. and its allies with comments he made at the G7 summit. It was a betrayal, Kudlow said on CNNs State of the Union. Kudlow was speaking following the G7 summit in Canada Saturday. As Trump flew from the summit with U.S. allies to a planned meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in Singapore, he lashed out at Trudeau for what he said were his false statements at a news conference and said the U.S. would not endorse the G7 communique, a negotiated statement on shared priorities among the group. Trudeau said in the news conference Saturday that Canada will move forward with retaliatory measures on July 1 in response to the Trump administrations decision to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from Canada, the European Union and Mexico. I have made it very clear to the president that it is not something we relish doing, but it something that we absolutely will do, Trudeau said. Canadians, were polite, were reasonable, but we also will not be pushed around. In his interview Sunday, Kudlow accused Trudeau of making his comments for domestic political consumption and doing a great disservice to the whole G7. He really kind of stabbed us in the back, Kudlow said. Kudlow said the U.S. had spent the summit negotiating in good faith with Trudeau and the other assembled leaders, and that the U.S. had planned to sign the communique until Trudeaus news conference, which Kudlow called a sophomoric play. Peter Navarro, Trumps trade adviser, directed a series of stinging comments at Trudeau on Fox News Sunday. Theres a special place in hell for any foreign leader that engages in bad faith diplomacy with President Donald J. Trump and then tries to stab him in the back on the way out the door, Navarro said. And thats what bad faith Justin Trudeau did with that stunt press conference. Thats what weak, dishonest Justin Trudeau did, and that comes right from Air Force One. Navarro added that while these were his own words, they reflected the the sentiment that was on Air Force One. Navarro also said Trump attending the G7 in Canada was a courtesy to Trudeau and that the President had bigger things on his plate in Singapore. He did him a favor, Navarro said. He was even willing to sign that socialist communique. Kudlow also said Trumps planned meeting with Kim was part of the reason why they were taking such issue with Trudeaus comments and that Trump was not going to let a Canadian prime minister push him around ahead of the North Korea summit. He is not going to permit any show of weakness on the trip to negotiate with North Korea, Kudlow said. Kudlow said allies should have been more supportive of Trump given the meeting with Kim, using the words crazy nuclear tyrant in reference to the North Korean leader. They should have said to him, God speed, you are negotiating with the crazy nuclear tyrant in North Korea, and we are behind you,' Kudlow said. Trump, en route to Singapore, called Trudeaus news conference very dishonest & weak following his tweet ahead of the G7 summit calling Trudeau indignant. In response to Trumps tweets on Saturday, Trudeaus office contended that the Canadian leader said nothing he had not said previously both in public and in private conversations with Trump. But on social media, people cant stop talking about the eyebrow issue. Here are some comments from Reddit: <N> Open this photo in gallery U.S. President Donald Trump looks on during a news conference in the Rose Garden of the White House, in Washington, D.C., on June 7, 2018. NICHOLAS KAMM/Getty Images The Group of Seven Summit is shaping up to be a contentious event with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and other leaders taking a hard-line against U.S. President Donald Trumps trade and tariff actions. The trade battle has strained Mr. Trumps relations with Mr. Trudeau, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron. Mr. Trump reportedly had even considered sending Vice-President Mike Pence in his place. On Thursday, however, Mr. Trump said he was looking forward to good discussions at the summit, especially on his historic denuclearization talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore next week. Story continues below advertisement Later in the evening, Mr. Trump took to Twitter to take a personal pot shot at Mr. Trudeau, who will hold a bilateral meeting with the U.S. President on Friday aside from the talks amongst the leaders. The U.S. President showed his displeasure with Mr. Trudeau for criticizing U.S. tariffs and lambasted Canadas supply-management system. The Prime Ministers Office dismissed the Presidents angry tweet against the Prime Minister, saying Mr. Trump has strong opinions as does Mr. Trudeau. We are not blind to the fact that there are going to be some serious disagreements on a lot of things and this is an opportunity for the leaders to get together to talk about them, Mr. Trudeaus spokesperson Cameron Ahmad said. At the same time Canadians expect their Prime Minister to stand up for their values and their interests and that is what the Prime Minister is going to do. Although the G7 leaders endorse Mr. Trumps North Korean gamble, they want the focus of the summit  hosted by Mr. Trudeau in the picturesque village of La Malbaie, Que.  to be on the United States recently deployed tariffs on steel and aluminum. The dispute is threatening to escalate into a full-blown trade war. A trade war doesnt spare anyone. It will start first of all to hurt U.S. workers, and the cost of raw materials will rise, and industries will become less competitive, Mr. Macron said at a joint news conference in Ottawa alongside Mr. Trudeau. The Prime Minister said we are going to defend our industries and our workers and show the U.S. President that his unacceptable actions are hurting his own citizens. American jobs are on the line because of his actions. Story continues below advertisement Story continues below advertisement In even blunter language, Mr. Macron said the U.S. tariffs on European, Canadian and Mexican steel and aluminum are unilateral and illegal, and predicted that they will hurt global growth. The gang-up by the G7 leaders is unlikely to push the President to reverse course, however. In a tweet on Thursday, Mr. Trump said: Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made). Mr. Trump also tweeted: Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow. Mr. Trumps top economic adviser, Larry Kudlow, told reporters on Wednesday the President wont back down on his trade-and-tariffs dispute with the countrys allies. Mr. Kudlow characterized the angry reactions from Canada and Europe to the tariffs  including reciprocal tariffs on U.S. goods that come into effect on July 1  as a family quarrel. But Mr. Macron said: I would like to say Mr. Trump that the measures taken are counterproductive. We cant engage in a trade war against friends. Story continues below advertisement Mr. Trudeau said the leaders want Mr. Trump to abandon the tariffs and, in exchange, they will seek reform of the World Trade Organization, which Mr. Trump has said is tilted against the U.S. economy. The one issue on which all the leaders agree is Mr. Trumps effort to denuclearize North Korea. Mr. Trump meets Mr. Kim in Singapore on June 12  the first meeting of its kind between a leader of North Korea and a sitting U.S. president. U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is expected to brief the G7 leaders on the issue on Saturday. At a news conference in Washington on Thursday with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan, Mr. Trump said he was prepared to invite North Koreas dictator to the White House if the nuclear talks are successful, but warned that he wont be a pushover. They have to denuke. If they dont denuclearize, that will not be acceptable. We cannot take sanctions off. The sanctions are extraordinarily powerful, Mr. Trump said. All I can say is I am totally prepared to walk away. Mr. Trump also said he would normalize relations with North Korea and sign an agreement to bring an official end to the 1950-53 Korean War if the Kim regime follows through with an agreement that meets U.S. expectations. Mr. Abe pledged Japanese economic aid and the restoration of diplomatic relations if North Korea agrees to total denuclearization. Mr. Trump also promised Mr. Abe that he would use the Singapore Summit to raise the issue of 12 Japanese citizens abducted in the late 1970s and early 1980s and held hostage in North Korea. When he arrives in Canada on Friday for the G7 Summit, Mr. Trump can also expect to be the odd man out on the issues of climate change and Iran, given his decision to pull out of the Iranian nuclear deal. Europe and Canada will press the President to allow them to continue to co-operate with Iran, so that it maintains its promise not to build nuclear weapons. Dont prevent other people from keeping [the nuclear agreement] and dont push Iran out of it, Mr. Macron said. It remains uncertain whether the G7 will even release a final communiqu, given the deep disputes that Mr. Trump has with the other leaders on trade, Iran and the environment. Mr. Macron said the leaders dont want to put out a communiqu if we drain it of all meaning. <N> Id be lying if I said I didnt love a political hotty. When Tristram Hunt resigned from Labour in January, I spent weeks crying into my pillow, wondering if Id ever love again. Or lust  rather  for such a babe in the political sphere. Desperately I contemplated whod be the next man of my dreams. For some time, it was Boris Johnson. I couldnt help it; hes just got this incredible je ne cest quoi, doesnt he? And theres also Philip Hammond. I feel like hed make a really good gin and tonic. Hes such a smooth operator. But I digress  because none of these chaps compare to Justin Trudeau, for whom my adoration is as pure as his sea blue eyes. Indeed, his dazzling brows, lion mane and mad boxing skills have enraptured many a woman. Dont just take it from me  in the last week or so, shirtless images were found of the Canadian Prime Minister and so heavily circulated that they apparently broke the internet. Youd have to be an amoeba not to look. Justin Trudeau 8 show all Justin Trudeau 1/8 Day out The family get in the boat with climate change AP 2/8 Keeping fit Jogging over the Alexandria bridge with the Mexican president AP 3/8 Family comes first Sophie inspires me every day to be better. I wouldnt be here tonight if it werent for her leadership and her example." AP 4/8 Three-way handshake Trudeau has vowed to strengthen international relations. Twitter 5/8 Bromance Friendship with the White House The White House 6/8 Pandas Just because. Twitter 7/8 Yoga The plank became an internet sensation Twitter 8/8 Making history Trudeau's gender-balanced cabinet was the first of its kind AP 1/8 Day out The family get in the boat with climate change AP 2/8 Keeping fit Jogging over the Alexandria bridge with the Mexican president AP 3/8 Family comes first Sophie inspires me every day to be better. I wouldnt be here tonight if it werent for her leadership and her example." AP 4/8 Three-way handshake Trudeau has vowed to strengthen international relations. Twitter 5/8 Bromance Friendship with the White House The White House 6/8 Pandas Just because. Twitter 7/8 Yoga The plank became an internet sensation Twitter 8/8 Making history Trudeau's gender-balanced cabinet was the first of its kind AP But, still, in spite of my keenness for political hotties, I worry the hype has gone too far. That Justy will be staring into the mirror, wondering what he has done to deserve this. Why, God, why, did you give me these wonderful eyebrows? He will whisper at his muscled reflection. For starters, such excessive objectification is good for no one, male or female, and should not be encouraged generally. It all too often means that people are judged on a superficial level, which has disadvantages for both the beautiful person, and their disciples. For the former, its actually quite hard being that stunning. Not that I know myself, but research shows that if youre spectacular on the eye, you also might be lonely and poorly-served by healthcare professionals, who think youre too amazing to get ill. Looks can literally kill! For disciplines, beauty can be a great deceiver  and gorgeous individuals may even have a certain degree of immunity from scrutiny. Research shows that good looks are all too often conflated with knowledge. Indeed, it has been found that attractive students are perceived by their teachers as more competent and intelligent, and score higher in exams because of their appearance. In Trudeaus case, adoration of the man can blind his followers to statements and sentiment; they can stop them from adequately accessing his ideas. Eyebrows and abs are but smoke and mirrors to political policy. For democracys sake, we must control ourselves! Generally the panting over Trudeau has reached quite a crazy level that does not make anyone look beautiful. Of course, it is amusing that people find the Canadian Prime Minister so attractive; helpful, even because aestheticism draws people into all sorts of activities in life, be it clubbing, salsa or politics. But the issue is when we are too smitten to critically assess what someone has to say. At best, this is silly  at worst, this is dangerous. Especially in relation to Trudeau. With such big power in the world, it really is rather important that we listen, rather than look, at him. <N> Cheetah Kill Please note: all photos copyrighted by Alison Buttigieg and can only be used with a license. It is not allowed to download and share them. It is not allowed to alter the image in any manner including cropping or removal of watermark. I witnessed this Cheetah kill in September 2013 in the Maasai Mara, Kenya. Narasha, the cheetah mom, was teaching her youngsters how to kill prey. However they were a bit slow on the uptake and they were playing with the hapless Impala prey instead of killing it. Narasha, the cheetah mom is the one that is grabbing the impala by the neck in all the photos. The youngsters practice some skills like pouncing and tripping which they get right, but they cannot seem to be able to get how to strangle the impala effectively. What is out of the ordinary in this sequence of photos is how calm the impala is throughout its ordeal. It is probably in shock and thus paralysed with fear. It is disturbing how it seems to be posing in some photos, especially in the 6th one as if determined to stay beautiful and proud until its very end. The defiance in its eyes are in stark contrast with its lack of interest in self-preservation. This allowed me to get unique pictures of a kill that are seemingly choreographed in their grace. I wanted the viewer to sympathize with the impala, and at the same time witness with me the disturbing nature of this unusual kill. In the end, after what seemed like an interminable eternity (but it was just a few minutes), the cheetah mom put the impala out of its misery, and the cats got to enjoy a nice meal. <N> If you felt heartbroken reading the 'sob-story' of how a mother impala offered herself to the cheetahs to save the lives of her fawns that you have received on social media, well then you have just been fooled. DNA got in touch with photographer Alison Buttigieg and alerted her about the 'false story' going viral. She not only sent us the link of the real story that occurred in 2013 but also said. "It is not true that I suffered from depression - it was just lies so that some people get more likes on their page. People steal photos all the time to get attention, but this was very rude and hurtful." In fact when asked about if she knew her image for which she won accolades and even awards had become viral she replied, "Yes I know. Hundreds of people are sending me messages about my fake depression and why I didn't save the deer. Its been horrible. I have no idea who started this, I wish I knew," said Buttigieg who is Maltese wildlife photographer residing in Finland. NOW THE REAL STORY Buttigieg further added,"I witnessed this cheetah kill in September 2013 in the Maasai Mara, Kenya. Narasha, the cheetah mom, was teaching her youngsters how to kill prey. However they were a bit slow on the uptake and they instead were playing with the hapless impala prey instead of killing it. Narasha, the cheetah mom is the one that is grabbing the impala by the neck in all the photos. The youngsters practice some skills like pouncing and tripping which they get right, but they cannot seem to be able to get how to strangle the impala effectively. What is out of the ordinary in this sequence of photos is how calm the impala is throughout its ordeal. It is probably in shock and thus paralysed with fear. It is disturbing how it seems to be posing in some photos, especially in the 6th one as if determined to stay beautiful and proud until its very end. The defiance in its eyes are in stark contrast with its lack of interest in self-preservation. This allowed me to get unique pictures of a kill that are seemingly choreographed in their grace. I wanted the viewer to sympathise with the impala, and at the same time witness with me the disturbing nature of this unusual kill. In the end, after what seemed like an interminable eternity (but it was just a few minutes), the cheetah mom put the impala out of its misery, and the cats got to enjoy a nice meal." The FAKE STORY Several posts on facebook and forwards on WhatsApp erroneously claim that this award-winning photo led the photographer into depression. According to these false posts, the cheetahs chased a mother deer and her two fawns, the mother could've easily outrun cheetahs but instead she offered herself to cheetahs so that her little ones can manage to run to safety. The post also points out that 'she is seen looking at her babies running safely as she is about to get torn into pieces.' While this heart touching post does evoke sadness in readers it is completely untrue. Training Day Deadly Game Deadly Playmates The Stranglehold A Time To Kill Death is Dinner Picture credit : Alison Buttigieg. <N> To Prevent Kidney Stones: Go Easy On Soda And Drink Lots Of Water Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto If you've had a kidney stone and want to spare yourself the agony of a repeat episode, here's some simple advice: Drink more water. In a guideline published Monday in the Annals of Internal Medicine, the American College of Physicians recommends increasing fluid intake and spreading throughout the day. It may take eight to 10 glasses of water over the course of a day to comply. The recommendation calls for achieving at least 2 liters of urine a day. It might also help to cut back on colas. A study cited by the American College of Physicians found that kidney stone patients who agreed to change their beverage habits and abstain from soda  specifically colas acidified with phosphoric acid  cut their risk of a recurrence by about 15 percent. The evidence isn't concrete, but it's suggestive, says ACP President Dr. David Fleming. If he sees patients with a history of stones, he asks how many sodas they're drinking a day. "If I find out they're drinking three or four Diet Cokes a day, I would strongly suggest they cut that back to one or none," Fleming tells Shots. So what might explain the link between colas and kidney stones? It's not exactly clear, but researchers know that phosphorus acidifies urine. "And an acid environment is conducive to stone formation," Fleming told us. Now, upping the amount of water you drink is no guarantee against a recurrence. But a five-year study found that participants who reached the two liter of urine threshold by hydrating were less likely to have a recurrence compared with people who didn't increase their fluid intake, 12 percent and 27 percent, respectively. So, despite the fact that it's not a cure-all, drinking more water is about the most effective strategy that people prone to forming kidney stones can try. "This is the main recommendation," Fleming told us. And there may be other dietary strategies that help as well. For instance, this study found a diet rich in plant based foods and fiber can cut the risk of recurrent kidney stones. And if these strategies fail to prevent recurrences? "Medication can be very helpful," Fleming told us. <N> Because it's a commoneven dailyactivity for most people, sending a text doesn't seem dangerous. However, when you're doing it behind the wheel, there are a litany of other factors at play. Driving is a privilege because of the inherent risk and responsibility we all need to assume out on the road. When you choose to text and drive, you're threatening every single driver around youand placing more value on that text message than yourself and your fellow drivers. Texting & Driving Statistics It can be hard to grasp the dangers of texting and driving, but once you know the facts, this hazardous habit starts to become a reality. In the United States: As you can see, texting while driving has very real consequences that will only get worse unless we work together to make these statistics a thing of the past. A Trifecta of Driving Distractions Texting and driving is especially dangerous because it incorporates all types of driving distractions: Visual : Takes your eyes off the road. : Takes your eyes off the road. Manual : Takes your hands off the steering wheel. : Takes your hands off the steering wheel. Cognitive: Takes your focus away from safe driving. When you're engulfed in a texting conversation, it's easy to forget you're sharing the road with other people. In just the 5 seconds it takes to send or read a short text message, you've already zoomed past the length of a football field (traveling at 55 MPH) with minimal attention on the road ahead. Would you want a family member or friend to be on the road with someone so oblivious to the traffic around them? Remember, every time you get behind the wheel, you're entering a shared experience with mothers, fathers, friends, and children. It is every driver's responsibility to always be careful and attentive, ensuring everyone can safely get from Point A to Point B. <N> Exploring the African Lion Range Map Lions are the only species of cat that live in groups, called prides. In a single pride, there is often up to 3 males, many females and cubs. The females, or lionesses, typically stay within the pride for their lifetimes, while the males will venture out to find their own prides. There are 5 sub-species of the lion as outlined in the above African Lion Range Map. West African Lion: Originating in Senegal, this sub-species is listed as Critically Endangered. It is estimated there are less than 900 West African Lions remaining in the wild. They can occur in Senegal, Benin, Niger, Nigeria, and Burkina Faso. Central African Lion: This species originated in the Belgian Congo. They now occur in Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Central African Lion is extinct in Rwanda. Cape Lion: The Cape Lion was a sub-species that is now locally extinct. They originated in the Cape of Good Hope. East African Lion: The East African Lion originates in Kenya, Somalia, Ethiopia, Uganda, Tanzania and South Sudan. They are extinct regionally in Egypt, Eritrea and Djibouti. Southern African Lion: The Southern African Lion are typically the largest lions in Africa. They also occur in Angola, northern Botswana, Namibia, Malawi, Zimbabwe and Zambia. Wondering where are the best places to see African Lions in the wild? Many countries in Central and South Africa offer safaris that visit the most likely places to observe African Lions in the wild. Its important to explore the different options for tour operators and find one that fits your needs, as well as your ethical views. There are a number of safaris out there that visit lion territory. We recommend having a look at our African Wildlife Safaris page. Want to join a Conservation program that works to preserve lion populations in Africa? Have a look at this Wildlife Conservation Internship in South Africa. <N> Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email This shocking photo allegedly shows daughter of hated American dentist Walter Palmer posing with dead wolves. Conservationists claim the image shows professional dancer Natalie Palmer Botes in the back of a pickup truck crouching down by the slain animals. The girl is pictured smiling broadly as she lifts one of the wolves heads with gloved hands. Brown paper has been laid down in the back of the vehicle so blood, which is clearly visible coming from the wolves mouths, does not drip on the paintwork. The snap was uploaded to the Internet by 'Wildlife Warrior' who claims the young woman is the 27-year-old daughter of hated American dentist and killer of South Africa's Cecil the lion, Walter Palmer. A post alongside the snap reads: "This is Natalie Palmer Botes, Wolf Killer... and Daughter of #CecilTheLion 's Killer, Dr. Walter 'Frankenteeth' Palmer. "No wonder Dr. Death desperately desired his wife and daughter be protected from the public backlash of his own evil deeds. "The true nature of this #PsychoKiller family runs deep." Angry comments followed below the post including one from Michelle Boswell which read: " Burn in HELL with your b*****d father!!!!" Champion ballroom dancer Natalie is an owner and master instructor of American Classic Ballroom. On its website it says it "strives to offer the best ballroom dance instruction in the Twin Cities." Natalie's blog says she has always had a passion for dancing and took her first lesson at 3. It adds: "She loves teaching and is thrilled to teach and coach in all styles." She defended her father after he incurred a global backlash in July when he shot Cecil during a trophy hunt in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. (Image: Getty Images) Cecil the lion , known for his striking black mane, was a famous fixture in the park and had been fitted with a GPS collar as part of Oxford University research. Palmer admitted to shooting the big cat with an arrow from a compound bow outside the park's borders. But it emerged Cecil didn't die immediately and conservationists claimed the wounded animal could have wandered for up to 40 hours before being tracked down and killed. (Image: splash) Writing on Facebook at the time she said: "Never look down on someone unless you're helping them up." Natalie is the oldest of Palmer's children. She has a younger brother - 23-year-old Walter James Jnr. Earlier this month it emerged 55-year-old, Palmer, from Minnesota, will not be charged over Cecil's death because he had obtained legal authority to hunt the animal and his papers were 'in order'. In August we reported that his wife has also been accused of having an interest in hunting. Tonette Palmer fled form the family's $1 million home and went into hiding along with her husband after news spread of the dentist's killing of Cecil. According to the MailOnline, Mrs Palmer is alleged to have held as many as SEVEN sport licences allowing her to fish in Florida and hunt in Alaska. <N>  -- For the first time in decades, the hunting of the gray wolf is legal again in the United States. And that's a good thing for ranchers like Cindy Siddoway of Terreton, Idaho, whose sheep are threatened every day by wolves. Gray wolves were taken off the endangered species list after their population rebounded. "We have worked very hard to protect what we have, and it's not very successful," she said. "It is devastating for us to put all of the money and the time and the genetics and work to produce a great product and then just have it half-eaten and left to die." But wolf hunting isn't popular with everybody. It has become a controversy in Idaho, where the hunt began Tuesday, and in Montana, where it is scheduled to start September 15. Environmental and animal rights groups are upset by a federal decision this year to remove gray wolves in the northern Rocky Mountains from the endangered species list, a move that opened the door to permitting the hunts. They are seeking an injunction in U.S. District Court in Montana to stop the hunts. Judge Donald Molloy is reviewing the case, and it's unclear when he will rule. After their population dwindled in the Rockies last century, in part because of practices like trapping, gray wolves were put on the endangered species list. But the population has rebounded, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service delisted the animals and determined that the populations would be healthy enough for hunts to be permitted in Idaho and Montana, which manage the wolf populations. There are also gray wolves in Wyoming, but hunts are not permitted there because of the state's weak wildlife management, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said. Opponents of the hunt say the population is not large and healthy enough to allow hunting. Melanie Stein, a Sierra Club spokeswoman, said that the wolf populations "are just on the cusp of recovery and that we are almost there." But she says the hunts represent "a step backward and away from recovery" of the wolf populations. Defenders of Wildlife, one of several groups urging the court to stop the hunt, detailed the ecological role of the wolves on its Web site. "In what is known as the cascade effect, wolves are exerting influence over a multitude of species within the park's ecosystem. Elk, wary of the reintroduced top predator, have altered their grazing behavior. "With less grazing pressure from elk, streambed vegetation such as willow and aspen is regenerating after decades of overbrowsing. As the trees are restored, they create better habitat for native birds and fish, beaver and other species." Siddoway doesn't think the hunt will make much of a difference right now because it is hard to kill the animals. But the wolf attacks take their toll. For example, the wolves will kill Great Pyrenees guard dogs used to protect the herds. When that happens, "then we're open to prey from bears and everything else," Siddoway said. "We know that it's a problem, and we want to make sure ranchers can continue on with their livelihood," Stein said. "But there has to be some co-existence between wolves and other species." Currently, ranchers and farmers can legally shoot a wolf they see attacking their livestock, said Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. There are also tools used to counter wolf attacks without hunting, he said. They include scare tactics, like shooting firecrackers out of a shotgun, or proper fencing. "All that stuff works for a little while in some instances for a short period of time and in some situations can be helpful. But it isn't the silver bullet for wolf depredation," he said. He said these techniques work "in conjunction with killing wolves." There are state and private programs compensating ranchers who lose livestock because of attacks, but the money represents only part of what the livestock and the time dealing with the problem is worth. "The ranchers got the short end of the stick," Bangs said. Officials say that up to 330 wolves in the states of Idaho and Montana may be killed during this public hunt. In Idaho, the limit is 220 wolves, and in Montana, it would be 75. Members of the Nez Perce tribe in Idaho can kill up to 35 wolves. Ed Mitchell, spokesman for the Idaho Department of Fish and Game, said three wolves have been taken in Idaho since the hunting season began. There are more than 1,600 gray wolves in Montana, Idaho and Wyoming. But Siddoway says "there will never be enough" for environmental groups to agree to the hunts. CNN's Joe Sterling contributed to this report. All About Endangered Species  Idaho  Montana  Sierra Club <N>  -- Think you had a hellish commute this morning? Just be thankful you're not in China, where a traffic jam stretching more than 100 km (62 miles) has forced drivers to keep their feet planted on brake pedals for nine days. The gridlock, which started August 14, involves thousands of trucks between the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and the Chinese capital of Beijing, according to state media. Fender-benders and broken-down vehicles are adding to the chaos, state media reported. Some drivers played cards to pass the time, while others fumed about nearby vendors taking advantage of their predicament by gouging food prices. Still, some opted to not take detours to avoid farther travel and toll costs. Traffic congestion is a common problem in China. But construction on a section of the Beijing-Tibet Expressway has forced more traffic to National Expressway 110, which runs roughly parallel. Roads leading to Beijing are particularly notorious for turning into parking lots. "If there's no traffic jam in the city, that would be news," Niu Fengrui, director of the Institute for Urban and Environmental Studies at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, told state media. "Our government should pick up the pace of urban infrastructure construction and spend some of its budget," he said. But drivers are nowhere near the finish line. Construction is scheduled to continue until September 13. CNN's Steven Jiang contributed to this report. <N> PETALING JAYA: A viral message with a picture purportedly showing a mass abandonment of cars in Germany in protest of a fuel price hike is in fact a huge traffic jam in China which happened two years ago. The message which has been circulating on social media spins a story of angry German citizens abandoning their cars in protest after their government supposedly raised fuel prices. "In just one hour of time people abandoned their cars on the streets and avenues and walked home. "Over a million abandoned cars. They had to lower the price," read the message. However, the image accompanying the message was not shot anywhere near Germany but in fact was taken in China. According to the online portal of British newspaper The Telegraph, the bumper-to-bumper gridlock captured in the picture took place on the G4 Beijing-Hong Kong-Macau Expressway during the week-long National Day holiday in 2015. The traffic jam was reportedly caused by a new toll station checkpoint, which cut down the lanes on the highway from 50 to 20, as well as foggy weather. <N> _LINKS_ 1- Beijing, China: August 2010 {august 14- august 26} This 62 Mile long "disaster" occurred on china National Highway and lasted for an incredible 12 days. It was considered to be one of the worst traffic Jams in the History of man-kind as drivers were only able to move 1km a day (that is 0.6 miles). The cause of the jam was due to not only the skyrocketing number of cars and drivers in China but also the heavy use of the route by trucks bringing construction supplies to Beijing. Interestingly enough, those construction supplies were for road work on the highway, a plan that intended to lessen the congestion and eliminate traffic jams. 2 JAPAN (135KM) (aug 12, 1990) The worst traffic jam event in the history of japan's transportation occurred in august 1990 and lasted for over 48 hours. Many citizens of japan were trying to evacuated themselves from the incoming typhoon winona. The traffic jam resulted in a line of cars as long as 135 KM (88 miles). People actually died in this traffic.... MAN MADE DISASTER. 3- Lyon to Paris, France This actually went into guiness book of records as the world's longest (in length) traffic jam. Enjoy 4- Sao Paulo, Brazil Reported in Time magazine as the city with the world's worst traffic jams, Sao Paulo, Brazil, set a record with more than 182 miles of accumulated jams out of 522 miles monitored on June 10, 2009. No matter the day of the week or the time of the day, the city faces severe congestion. Typically, the length of a traffic jam spans to 120 miles at peak hours with drivers spending up to three-to-four hours behind the wheel in traffic each day. The cause of the extreme traffic rests in the rising economy and living standards. Skyrocketing amounts of commercial vehicles are sold each year, with approximately 1,000 new vehicles driving on the streets each day. 5- Lagos- Ibadan Express Way we all know this list wouldn't be complete with mention one of the worst traffic jams in Africa. Sadly enough, this occurs almost on a weekly basis in Nigeria. The cause of this traffic jam is multi-faceted. - Church crusade activities - High number of vehicles on the express way -Accidents - and so many more. This traffic jam can last well over 24 hours and in some cases, close to 48 hours. for more read visit _LINKS_ This 62 Mile long "disaster" occurred on china National Highway and lasted for an incredible 12 days.It was considered to be one of the worst traffic Jams in the History of man-kind as drivers were only able to move 1km a day (that is 0.6 miles).The cause of the jam was due to not only the skyrocketing number of cars and drivers in China but also the heavy use of the route by trucks bringing construction supplies to Beijing. Interestingly enough, those construction supplies were for road work on the highway, a plan that intended to lessen the congestion and eliminate traffic jams.The worst traffic jam event in the history of japan's transportation occurred in august 1990 and lasted for over 48 hours.Many citizens of japan were trying to evacuated themselves from the incoming typhoon winona.The traffic jam resulted in a line of cars as long as 135 KM (88 miles).People actually died in this traffic.... MAN MADE DISASTER.This actually went into guiness book of records as the world's longest (in length) traffic jam.EnjoyReported in Time magazine as the city with the world's worst traffic jams, Sao Paulo, Brazil, set a record with more than 182 miles of accumulated jams out of 522 miles monitored on June 10, 2009.No matter the day of the week or the time of the day, the city faces severe congestion. Typically, the length of a traffic jam spans to 120 miles at peak hours with drivers spending up to three-to-four hours behind the wheel in traffic each day.The cause of the extreme traffic rests in the rising economy and living standards. Skyrocketing amounts of commercial vehicles are sold each year, with approximately 1,000 new vehicles driving on the streets each day.5-we all know this list wouldn't be complete with mention one of the worst traffic jams in Africa.Sadly enough, this occurs almost on a weekly basis in Nigeria.The cause of this traffic jam is multi-faceted.- Church crusade activities- High number of vehicles on the express way-Accidents- and so many more.This traffic jam can last well over 24 hours and in some cases, close to 48 hours.for more read visit <N> Match the following figures  Albert Einstein, Thomas Edison, Guglielmo Marconi, Alfred Nobel and Nikola Tesla  with these biographical facts: Related Content Nikola Tesla's Struggle to Remain Relevant Spoke eight languages Produced the first motor that ran on AC current Developed the underlying technology for wireless communication over long distances Held approximately 300 patents Claimed to have developed a superweapon that would end all war The match for each, of course, is Tesla. Surprised? Most people have heard his name, but few know much about his place in modern science and technology. The 75th anniversary of Teslas death on Jan. 7 provides a timely opportunity to review the life of a man who came from nowhere yet became world famous; claimed to be devoted solely to discovery but relished the role of a showman; attracted the attention of many women but never married; and generated ideas that transformed daily life and created multiple fortunes but died nearly penniless. Early years Tesla was born in Serbia on a summer night in 1856, during what he claimed was a lightning storm  which led the midwife to say, He will be a child of the storm, and his mother to counter prophetically, No, of the light. As a student, Tesla displayed such remarkable abilities to calculate mathematical problems that teachers accused him of cheating. During his teen years, he fell seriously ill, recovering once his father abandoned his demand that Nikola become a priest and agreed he could attend engineering school instead. Although an outstanding student, Tesla eventually withdrew from polytechnic school and ended up working for the Continental Edison Company, where he focused on electrical lighting and motors. Wishing to meet Edison himself, Tesla immigrated to the U.S. in 1884, and he later claimed he was offered the sum of US$50,000 if he could solve a series of engineering problems Edisons company faced. Having achieved the feat, Tesla said he was then told that the offer had just been a joke, and he left the company after six months. Tesla then developed a relationship with two businessmen that led to the founding of Tesla Electric Light and Manufacturing. He filed a number of electrical patents, which he assigned to the company. When his partners decided that they wanted to focus strictly on supplying electricity, they took the companys intellectual property and founded another firm, leaving Tesla with nothing. Tesla reported that he then worked as a ditch digger for $2 a day, tortured by the sense that his great talent and education were going to waste. Success as an inventor In 1887, Tesla met two investors who agreed to back the formation of the Tesla Electric Company. He set up a laboratory in Manhattan, where he developed the alternating current induction motor, which solved a number of technical problems that had bedeviled other designs. When Tesla demonstrated his device at an engineering meeting, the Westinghouse Company made arrangements to license the technology, providing an upfront payment and royalties on each horsepower generated. The so-called War of the Currents was raging in the late 1880s. Thomas Edison promoted direct current, asserting that it was safer than AC. George Westinghouse backed AC, since it could transmit power over long distances. Because the two were undercutting each others prices, Westinghouse lacked capital. He explained the difficulty and asked Tesla to sell his patents to him for a single lump sum, to which Tesla agreed, forgoing what would have been a vast fortune had he held on to them. With the Worlds Columbian Exposition of 1893 looming in Chicago, Westinghouse asked Tesla to help supply power; theyd have a huge platform for demonstrating the merits of AC. Tesla helped the fair illuminate more light bulbs than could be found in the entire city of Chicago, and wowed audiences with a variety of wonders, including an electric light that required no wires. Later Tesla also helped Westinghouse win a contract to generate electrical power at Niagara Falls, helping to build the first large-scale AC power plant in the world. Challenges along the way Tesla encountered many obstacles. In 1895, his Manhattan laboratory was devastated by a fire, which destroyed his notes and prototypes. At Madison Square Garden in 1898, he demonstrated wireless control of a boat, a stunt that many branded a hoax. Soon after he turned his attention to the wireless transmission of electric power. He believed that his system could not only distribute electricity around the globe but also provide for worldwide wireless communication. Seeking to test his ideas, Tesla built a laboratory in Colorado Springs. There he once drew so much power that he caused a regional power outage. He also detected signals that he claimed emanated from an extraterrestrial source. In 1901 Tesla persuaded J.P. Morgan to invest in the construction of a tower on Long Island that he believed would vindicate his plan to electrify the world. Yet Teslas dream did not materialize, and Morgan soon withdrew funding. In 1909, Marconi received the Nobel Prize for the development of radio. In 1915, Tesla unsuccessfully sued Marconi, claiming infringement on his patents. That same year, it was rumored that Edison and Tesla would share the Nobel Prize, but it didnt happen. Unsubstantiated speculation suggested their mutual animosity was the cause. However, Tesla did receive numerous honors and awards over his life, including, ironically, the American Institute of Electrical Engineers Edison Medal. A singular man Tesla was a remarkable person. He said that he had a photographic memory, which helped him memorize whole books and speak eight languages. He also claimed that many of his best ideas came to him in a flash, and that he saw detailed pictures of many of his inventions in his mind before he ever set about constructing prototypes. As a result, he didnt initially prepare drawings and plans for many of his devices. The 6-foot-2-inch Tesla cut a dashing figure and was popular with women, though he never married, claiming that his celibacy played an important role in his creativity. Perhaps because of his nearly fatal illness as a teenager, he feared germs and practiced very strict hygiene, likely a barrier to the development of interpersonal relationships. He also exhibited unusual phobias, such as an aversion to pearls, which led him to refuse to speak to any woman wearing them. Tesla held that his greatest ideas came to him in solitude. Yet he was no hermit, socializing with many of the most famous people of his day at elegant dinner parties he hosted. Mark Twain frequented his laboratory and promoted some of his inventions. Tesla enjoyed a reputation as not only a great engineer and inventor but also a philosopher, poet and connoisseur. On his 75th birthday he received a congratulatory letter from Einstein and was featured on the cover of Time magazine. Teslas last years In the popular imagination, Tesla played the part of a mad scientist. He claimed that he had developed a motor that ran on cosmic rays; that he was working on a new non-Einsteinian physics that would supply a new form of energy; that he had discovered a new technique for photographing thoughts; and that he had developed a new ray, alternately labeled the death ray and the peace ray, with vastly greater military potential than Nobels munitions. His money long gone, Tesla spent his later years moving from place to place, leaving behind unpaid bills. Eventually, he settled in at a New York hotel, where his rent was paid by Westinghouse. Always living alone, he frequented the local park, where he was regularly seen feeding and tending to the pigeons, with which he claimed to share a special affinity. On the morning of Jan. 7, 1943, he was found dead in his room by a hotel maid at age 86. Today the name Tesla is still very much in circulation. The airport in Belgrade bears his name, as does the worlds best-known electric car, and the magnetic field strength of MRI scanners is measured in Teslas. Tesla was a real-life Prometheus: the mythical Greek titan who raided heaven to bring fire to mankind, yet in punishment was chained to a rock where each day an eagle ate his liver. Tesla scaled great heights to bring lightning down to earth, yet his rare cast of mind and uncommon habits eventually led to his downfall, leaving him nearly penniless and alone. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Richard Gunderman, Chancellor's Professor of Medicine, Liberal Arts, and Philanthropy, Indiana University <N> Looking for a great career? Or know another veteran, service member, or military spouse who is? Get started at Hirepurpose. As a one-time Ebola czar under President Barack Obama, Democratic political operative Ron Klain spent months fighting to stop viral outbreaks. On Friday, though, he found himself in the middle of one. May 11 marked Military Spouse Appreciation Day, which Klain decided to celebrate by bitching about the alleged gender and racial composition of the military spouses who joined Ivanka Trump and the White House in a now-viral tweet. The WH hosted military spouses today. Our armed forces are 40% non-white. The odds that  BY CHANCE  a group of 52 military spouses would contain no people of color are lower than 100 trillion to 1. So, umm. pic.twitter.com/zi6XzmzYBd  Ronald Klain (@RonaldKlain) May 11, 2018 The assertion by Klain is clear: the White House is whitewashing the military! But theres a big problem: this photo doesnt show what Klain says it does. The photo was actually taken at the annual Joint Armed Forces of Washington Luncheon (JAFOWL) on April 24, not the White House. In fact, it only shows members of the Air Force Officers Spouses Club. I mean, you dont have to be a clotheshorse to notice the dress Ivanka is wearing in the Klain photo matches the one she wore on April 24 and not the one she wore on May 11: To all of our amazing US military spouses, your courage often goes unnoticed, but that makes it all the more heroic. You Posted by Ivanka Trump on Tuesday, April 24, 2018 Heres the thing: Klains not totally wrong. A 2016 Pentagonreport on DoD demographics found that minorities make up a third of enlisted and nearly a quarter (23%) of officers, an increase in recent years. And when it comes to elevating the voices and stories of underrepresented veterans, this photo is a fine illustration of exactly what not to do. But its not even the right f*cking photo, and the JAFOWL context matters in explaining why theres a lack of representation here. First, a little background on the group: In June of 1977, the Navy Officers Wives Club contacted Art Buchwalds office to ask if he would speak at one of its luncheons. Answering the telephone himself, Mr. Buchwald declined, saying that he received too many requests from military wives clubs. When asked, What if all five of the clubs sponsored a joint luncheon? he said he would accept the invitation. The presidents of the other military officers wives clubs in the area were contacted and all agreed it was a great idea! Thus, the Joint Armed Forces Officers Wives Luncheon became an annual affair. Given that the wives in this photo chose to marry Air Force officers  20 percent of whom identify as a racial minority, below the rate for officers across the entire U.S. armed forces  it would make sense that there might be a distinct under-representation of black and Asian military spouses, and its certainly a problem. But the issue isnt that the White House only invited white women  its that organizations like JAFOWL, though they serve the military and veterans communities admirably, are stuck in the f*cking 1950s. Many others believe that groups like JAFOWL reinforce a hierarchy where officers spouses have a louder and more prominent voice than enlisted spouses, and Military Spouse Appreciation Day is a fantastic chance to get the Pentagons attention on like this. Sadly, Ron Klain ruined it with an inaccurate cheap shot at the White House  and in an age where all quarters of the government shout down their critics as fake news, this sort of inaccuracy can muddle the waters on a subject indefinitely. As the commander-in-chief might say: Sad! WATCH NEXT: <N> Humans have been riding horses for thousands of years, but one Ukrainian strongman proves that horses can sometimes ride us too. Champion powerlifter Dmytro Khaladzhi has been making quite a name for himself by carrying live, fully conscious horses on his back to prove his incredible strength. Like most strongmen, Dmytro Khaladzhi does a lot of crazy stuff, like letting trucks drive over him, bending steel rods with his teeth, or driving nails through wood with the palm of his hand, but his horse carrying routines are by far the most impressive. Several videos doing the rounds online show him grabbing full-grown horses, lifting them on his back and taking a few steps with the incredible load, all while the confused animals enjoy the ride. It doesnt always go smoothly, as horses arent exactly used to be lifted off the ground and carried around by a puny human, but they have their legs bound so that they dont do too much damage when they start freaking out. The most they can do is cause Khaladzhi to lose his balance, sending them both crashing down. A Wikipedia page on Dmytro Khaladzhi claims that he holds a whopping 63 Guinness Records and the champion of the 1st championship of the Ukrainian Drug-free Powerlifting Federation, in the bench-press category. Theres nothing about his horse-lifting there, though, which is kind of strange, as thats what really makes him special in my book.  According to a Donbas-based news site, the 38-year-old strongman has chosen to live in the war-torn region of Ukraine, even if it meant putting his athletic and acting careers on hold. He reportedly joined the separatists there and occasionally provides the entertainment with his outrageous routines. <N> Dmitriy Khaladzhi a hulking Ukrainian Super Human gives new meaning to the term hard as nails. He may not be a bodybuilder. He may not have a sculpted physique that impresses  but he does have some mind-blowing insane strength that hes not afraid to show off again and again and again. In the amazing video below, you can see Dmytro Khaladzhi performs extraordinary feats of strength including bending a metal rod with his teeth and carrying a fully grown horse. Khaladzhi a Ukrainian strongman and former circus performer, 38, also deadlifts a saloon car and allows a truck to run him over. We dont know much about this strongman but a dubious Wikipedia page dedicated to him, claims he holds 63 Guinness World Records. According to the information provided on the page, he can lift a 335-pound stone with one hand, binding six 20cm nails in 90 seconds and lying down on a bed of nails while three concrete blocks weighing over 1,500 pounds were smashed with sledgehammers on his chest. He also the winner of bench press competition at the first Ukrainian Drug-Free Powerlifting Federation event is also listed as one of his many achievements. Check out the above video of the beast! <N> People love being the best at something. The Ukrainian Book of Records is proof. Every year since 1989, up to 400 new records are added. Some of them are quite surprising. Oksana Shykalyuks record is among them. In 2010, she set the record for having the longest natural eyelashes. They are 18.5 millimeters long, while the average length of a human eyelash is 10 millimeters. Another hair-related record was set by Khrystyna Krechkivska, who could be dubbed Ukraines Rapunzel. In June 2016 she set the record for having the longest hair in Ukraine, at 2.45 meters. The world record is held by Xie Qiuping from China at 5.62 meters, measured on May 8, 2004. Nadiya Shcherban is in the Ukrainian Book of Records for having the largest natural breasts. Scherban puts her size K breasts down to genetics, saying all of the women in her family have been big-breasted. Some Ukrainians had to be quite creative to get into the book. Designer Dmytro Parhomchuk from Lutsk set a record in 2015 by making a dress out of coffee beans. He used 26,667 coffee beans to sew the dress, which weighs 4.5 kilograms and has a matching purse and shoes, also made with coffee beans. Tatyana Kaluzhna, a jeweler from Donetsk, in 2013 produced a miners protective helmet from gold, silver and gems. It was recorded as the most expensive miners helmet in Ukraine, with a value of $43,000. Thats enough to buy at least 25,000 regular helmets. Other remarkable headwear: Kyiv residents in 2013 built a giant hat  4.5 meters in diameter  from 150 kilograms of plywood. There was space enough inside to fit over 25 people. The people of Khmelnytsky have their own record: In 2014, they released 18,000 Chinese lanterns into the evening sky. To light them up, the organizers handed out about 20,000 boxes of matches to participants. Meanwhile, the people of Ternopil got themselves into the record book in 2014 by setting up a 210.6-meter-long barbeque. The record required 300 kilograms of pork and 20 cooks to prepare the meat. The previous record was held by Kyiv, with a 160-meter-long barbecue  equivalent to the height of a 50-story building. The city of Kherson is also in the book, for the largest number of people simultaneously drinking yoghurt. In 2014, 1,144 marathon runners set the record right after the run  promoting the health benefits of dairy products in the process. Setting records sometimes requires a lot of bravery and strength. Yevhen Kalinin from Odesa in 2014 followed U.S. actor Jean-Claude Van Dammes example and for almost 90 seconds managed to perform splits between two sports cars moving at a speed of 20 kilometers per hour. Painter and zoo owner Oleksander Pylyshenko from Zaporizhzhya took 35 days to set his record. Thats how long he lived in a cage with a pair of African lions. The living conditions were the same for Pysarenko and the animals: They slept on wooden floorboards and had all their food given to them through the bars of the cage. During his stay, Pylyshenko completed 13 paintings and witnessed the birth of two baby lions. Pylyshenko said he wanted to demonstrate that understanding between human beings and lions is easy to attain. Ukrainian strongwoman Olga Liaschuk skipped Ukraines Book of Records and went straight to the Guinness Book of World Records. She set her record in 2014, crushing three watermelons between her thighs in 14.65 seconds. Found a spelling error? Let us know  highlight it and press Ctrl + Enter. <N> This is the giant rat photo being shared and talked about on social media. An electrician is holding it up for the camera after he found it dead in a bush on a housing estate in Hackney Downs, east London. His colleague Tony Smith took the photo and he claims the rat was four feet long and was bigger than his cat and Jack Russell dog. "We were going to stick it in the bin," said Tony. "But before we did we thought we better take a picture... people won't believe it's real." They say the rat was found near a children's playground which backs onto a railway track. Professor Jane Hurst from the Institute of Integrative Biology at the University of Liverpool doesn't believe the photo. "No way a brown rat would be that big, or that anyone could pick up a rat of 11kg with a litter picker," she explains to Newsbeat. "There are several hoaxes showing rats like this online or previously published in newspapers. "Even a Gambian pouched rat, which is 3ft long, only weighs around 1.5kg." A case of forced perspective? It's obviously pretty large but it may not be quite as big as it seems. In photography there's something called "forced perspective". It happens when things are held closer to the camera lens and appear bigger than they actually are. And there are previous examples of this technique involving "huge" rodents. Here's an example from Singapore. We've all done it as well - when you pinch the top of a tall building or hold your friends in the palm of your hand. And we've done some high-level science in the Newsbeat office to prove it. We took a photo of a normal doughnut looking unusually large to show you what we mean. Someone on Twitter says they've worked out that the rat is actually two feet long and not four feet - as claimed. Even Hackney Council have had a go at showing people what forced perspective looks like. Rats that live under London's streets are brown rats (or Norway rats) and are usually around 10 inches long. Another "huge" rat supposedly found on London's tube system was actually from Germany last year - and wasn't as big as it looked on camera. The man who caught the rodent, Rick Kobel, said perspective made it look bigger than it was. Mr Kobel said the rat was actually about 30cm long and weighed approximately two kilos. Radio 2 was sent this photo of a pretty big rat in 2014 as well from Kent. Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat <N> If you had to list the world's most vilified animals, rats would definitely make the cut  especially giant ones. They are most commonly described as harbingers of disease that scuttle in swarms around our cities under cover of darkness. The best known species are the brown rat (Rattus norvegicus) and the slightly smaller black rat (Rattus rattus), both of which live on every continent bar Antarctica. Our worst nightmares seem to be realised every few months when frightening photos of supersized rats are splashed across the media. But in truth, cities are not the best places to look for the world's biggest rats. "There is absolutely no evidence that brown rats found in the UK are growing bigger," explains Dougie Clarke from the University of Huddersfield, UK. The camera trickery was undone by sceptics who measured the distances involved Clarke is a leading expert on super rats. That does not mean giant ones big enough to train teenage mutant turtles to become ninjas, but rats that have become resistant to the poisons used by pest controllers. "In our study that surveyed over a hundred brown rats from all over the UK, the maximum body length of fully-grown rodenticide 'super rats' was 26 cm (10.3 inches) with a tail length of 25 cm (9.8 inches)," says Clarke. "So they are no different than what is expected for brown rats." "Any reports in the media that they are growing bigger are either photo trickery by holding the animal at arm's length, or another species of escaped pet rat," he adds. For example, the behemoth discovered dead next to a playground in Hackney, London in March 2016 was said to be as big as the children that played there. Thanks to forced perspective, where subjects closer to the camera appear larger than those further away, the rat did look enormous. This bulkier rat can weigh as much as 8.8 lb (4kg), as much as a domestic cat But the camera trickery was undone by sceptics who measured the distances involved and found the beast was only the standard length. Still, if works of fiction are anything to go by, our fascination with giant rats runs deep. Even though it was only mentioned in passing in a single Sherlock Holmes story, the "giant rat of Sumatra" has become legendary. In reality, there are two species of rat that could have inspired the reference. The large Sumatran bamboo rat (Rhizomys sumatrensis) measures up to 19.7 inches (50cm) from nose to tail tip. While this is similar to the brown rat, the large Sumatran bamboo rat's tail only accounts for around 4.7 inches (12cm) of its total length. So this bulkier rat can weigh as much as 8.8 lb (4kg), as much as a domestic cat, according to a review of the species published in 1936. Gambian pouched rats that escape from private collections have caused concern in the Florida Keys The other candidate mooted by some is the mountain giant Sunda rat (Sundamys infraluteus), described as a large, omnivorous species that lives in mountain forests. "Sundamys infraluteus reaches 60 cm (23.6 inches), but is barely heavier than half a kilogramme (1.1 lb) because it has a different body morphology," explains Raquel Lpez Antoanzas of the University of Bristol, UK, who studies rodent evolution. Any discussion of rodents of unusual size will include South America's capybaras, but they are more closely related to guinea pigs than rats. To avoid such red herrings, the family to focus on is the Muridae, also known as the Old World mice and rats. One of the longest of these is the Gambian pouched rat, which can measure nearly 3 feet (90cm) from nose to tail end and weigh 3 lb (1.4 kg). Its size is one of the characteristics that has made it a popular pet, three times heavier than the standard fancy rats  which are actually domesticated brown rats. They aren't heavy enough to trigger the mines but they are quite sizeable and easy to handle As well as fuelling myths about giant sewer rats, Gambian pouched rats that escape from private collections have caused concern in the Florida Keys, where they have been declared an invasive species. They were also linked to an outbreak of monkeypox in the US in 2003. However, the pouched rats are winning admirers back home in Africa. The non-governmental organisation Apopo pioneers work that makes the most of their intelligence and advanced sense of smell. Known as hero rats, the specially-trained rodents can detect landmines and even tuberculosis. "Although most rats could qualify in terms of sensitivity and intelligence, we selected the African giant pouched rat because of its long lifespan and adaptation to the conditions in Africa," says Abdulllah Mchomvu, training manager for the mine-detecting rats in Tanzania. "They have a very sensitive sense of smell and can be trained to detect specific target scents. As for the landmine detection rats I work with, they aren't heavy enough to trigger the mines but they are quite sizeable and easy to handle." To find any species that might exceed the Gambian pouched rat's measurements, we need to look in Asia: specifically, on islands where unique ecological balances allow for extraordinary size variations. The giants found on the island of East Timor, Indonesia were said to be the size of dogs In the Philippines, there lives a group of murids known as giant cloud rats, thanks to their tree-dwelling lifestyle. Of these, the Northern Luzon giant cloud rat (Phloeomys pallidus)is the biggest at up to 2.5 feet (75cm) long, weighing as much as 5.7 lb (2.6kg). Similarly large are the giant woolly rats of New Guinea, Mallomys. One species, discovered in an extinct volcano in 2009 and informally known as the Bosavi woolly rat, is 2.7 feet (82cm) long and weighs 3.3 lb (1.5kg). Since discovering this giant, Kristofer M. Helgen of the Smithsonian Institution has been busy reviewing the giant woolly rats. "The biggest species is probably Mallomys gunung, which lives at very high elevations in the mountains of western New Guinea, and weighs 2 kilos (4.4 lbs) or more," he says. The most recent discovery of giant island rats is the most impressive yet for size. In 2015, Julien Louys and colleagues at the Australian National University made the biggest-ever find of the biggest-ever rats. The giants found on the island of East Timor, Indonesia were said to be the size of dogs. But these were not scurrying live rodents: they were fossilised remains. Many of our remaining giant rats are vulnerable to the threat of habitat degradation Researchers identified seven species of extinct giant rat, the smallest weighing an estimated 3.3 lb (1.5kg) and the largest 11 lbs (5kg); as much as a miniature dachshund. The bones were discovered by archaeologists researching human activity on the islands. The early inhabitants obviously had a taste for rat, as the bones are charred and chewed. But according to Louys, even with hunting the rats lived alongside humans for 40,000 years. He links the rats' eventual extinction with the arrival of metal tools, suggesting their forest homes were felled by human inhabitants exploiting the region's famous sandalwood timbers. If that is true, it is a cautionary tale. Many of our remaining giant rats are vulnerable to the threat of habitat degradation. Instead of our city dwellers being menaced by giant rats, it is human development that poses a risk to these living legends. <N> This nocturnal rat is primarily a tree-dwelling animal that spends most of its time high up in the branches of trees, but can also be seen on the forest floor, moving at a relatively sluggish pace (2) (5). The diet of this cloud rat in the wild is not fully known (5), but may comprise mainly of tender young leaves (2) (4), although they also eat fruit and reportedly raids crops (7). Information regarding the breeding biology of Phloeomys species also comes from captivity, where births have been recorded in every month of the year except January, March and May (5). In the wild, a pregnant female was found in August. Cloud rats give birth to only one young each year (5), which is born in the hollow of a standing or fallen tree, or in a hole in the ground (6). The mother carries her young firmly attached to a nipple. In captivity, one individual lived for over 13 years (5). <N> Owners return to last home left in Bolivar town Ike obliterated most homes, but spared one on Church Street window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true}); window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-9', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 9', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true}); Photo: Smiley N. Pool, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 A single house is left standing amidst the devastation left by Hurricane Ike in Gilchrist, Texas. A single house is left standing amidst the devastation left by Hurricane Ike in Gilchrist, Texas. Photo: Smiley N. Pool, Houston Chronicle Image 2 of 9 Pam Adams stands in front of her home in Gilchrist on Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. Hurricane Ike leveled every house on the gulf side of Gilchrist, except hers. She and her Husband Warren Adams plan to rebuild and stay. less Pam Adams stands in front of her home in Gilchrist on Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. Hurricane Ike leveled every house on the gulf side of Gilchrist, except hers. She and her Husband Warren Adams plan to ... more Photo: Sharon Steinmann, Chronicle Image 3 of 9 Pam and Warren Adams pose in the heavily damaged living room of their house in Gilchrist, Texas. The house was the only beachfront house left standing in Gilchrist after Hurricane Ike struck the Texas Gulf coast. less Pam and Warren Adams pose in the heavily damaged living room of their house in Gilchrist, Texas. The house was the only beachfront house left standing in Gilchrist after Hurricane Ike struck the Texas Gulf ... more Photo: Pat Sullivan, AP Image 4 of 9 Jim Rush of Beaumont pauses on Friday in front of his brother-in-law's Crystal Beach home on the Bolivar Peninsula. Rush's family owned four homes on Clara Street, and his was the only one left standing Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. less Jim Rush of Beaumont pauses on Friday in front of his brother-in-law's Crystal Beach home on the Bolivar Peninsula. Rush's family owned four homes on Clara Street, and his was the only one left standing Friday ... more Photo: Sharon Steinmann, Chronicle Image 5 of 9 Image 6 of 9 A boy walks on the beach in Glichrist Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. Residents were allowed back on the Bolivar Penninsula from 6am-4pm to check on their properties damaged by Hurricane Ike. A boy walks on the beach in Glichrist Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. Residents were allowed back on the Bolivar Penninsula from 6am-4pm to check on their properties damaged by Hurricane Ike. Photo: Sharon Steinmann, Chronicle Image 7 of 9 Leigh Carnell and her father Tom Osten remove a dresser from Osten's Crystal Beach home on Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. Leigh Carnell and her father Tom Osten remove a dresser from Osten's Crystal Beach home on Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. Photo: Sharon Steinmann, Chronicle Image 8 of 9 Hank Carlson sees the remains of his Crystal Beach home for the first time since Hurricane Ike Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. He owned the house for 15 years and moved there with his wife permanently 18 months ago. less Hank Carlson sees the remains of his Crystal Beach home for the first time since Hurricane Ike Friday on the Bolivar Peninsula. He owned the house for 15 years and moved there with his wife permanently 18 ... more Photo: Sharon Steinmann, Chronicle Image 9 of 9 Owners return to last home left in Bolivar town 1 / 9 Back to Gallery There's a new landmark in Gilchrist, one of the towns on Bolivar Peninsula that Hurricane Ike ravaged and left for dead. The fire station is gone. The post office is gone. Every structure on the gulf side of this tight-knit community is gone. Except for one house. Standing tall, as if in defiance of Ike's windy, watery wrath, is the home of Pam and Warren Adams, who built the place in 2005 after Hurricane Rita destroyed their older home on the same lot. On Friday, the first day many residents were allowed back on the peninsula, the couple returned to Church Street, ready to help neighbors whose homes no longer stood with theirs. Latest Weather Videos Now Playing: Now Playing Celebration in the Rain Jon Shapley, Houston Chronicle Fans enjoy NFL Draft Experience Fox4 Forgotten Day Houston - Snowfall - Weather Chron.TV, Houston Chronicle Update 8AM Houston Weather JW Player (:30 Update Houston weather Brandpoint 6am Houston Weather update JW Player 4am update Houston weather Brandpoint "I think I'm going through survivor's guilt," said Pam Adams, even though her home is uninhabitable, its main floor covered with mud brought in by the storm surge. "But the fact that the house is standing, that it survived, is awesome. Gilchrist is still here. It's faith and hopefulness." The Adams had already been back to see their house, so they knew what to expect. But for the people who live west of Rollover Pass  the residents and homeowners returning to the peninsula for the first time since the hurricane  it was surreal. They saw brown grass and trees, casualties of the saltwater surge. Cars and golf carts sticking out of the sandy scrub at odd angles. Stacy Ayers and Isabelle Ryan, who had a house on Crystal Beach, came back to a concrete slab. "There aren't even any pilings," Ryan said. Both women were toting shovels and looking for random belongings that had been swept inland from their gulfside home. Nearby on Crystal Beach, Jim and Karen Rush ventured back to the vacation home they built less than a year ago on Clara Street. The teal-colored house looked pretty good, despite some structural damage. "Everything inside is salvageable," Jim Rush said. "We're just taking stuff out so it doesn't get moldy. " But Karen Rush's siblings and father weren't so lucky. Her sister's house across the street was gone. Her father's 800-square-foot home down the road was standing, but wrecked. And the home of her brother, Niel Svendsen, was rather tidily ripped in half. Coming home to ruins When the peninsula opened to residents at 6 a.m. Friday, the line of cars was eight miles deep, said Brian Hawthorne , a highway patrol sergeant. Everybody was to leave by 4 p.m. "We anticipate people who still have standing houses will want to load up their possessions," said Hawthorne, "but you can't load a house in half a day." Bolivar Peninsula will open at the same time today. Back on Church Street, the Adams' comforted their neighbors, Cecil and Kay Mallet, whose home was leveled. The Mallet house sat three lots closer to the beach than the Adams' home, but was much older. Kay Mallet cried a little when she first saw the empty space, but then began to collect a few items that Ike left behind. A pot lid. A tile with a seashell on it. "It's almost like there's nothing to remind you of your home," Mallet said. "It feels like you're in the wrong place." The Adamses aren't sure why their home is still standing. But they've had plenty of questions about it since Chronicle photographer Smiley N. Pool's aerial photo showing their lone yellow house amid a sea of debris ran on the newspaper's front page and the national news media picked up the story. There are other homes on Bolivar Peninsula still standing, some of them on the bay side of Gilchrist. But the aerial image of the Adams' home struck a chord with the masses. Good structure, a little luck Warren Adams insists that there is nothing special about the way the home was constructed. It was built to Galveston County code, he said, which anticipates 130-mile-per-hour winds on the seaward side of the county. But the elevation may have helped. Adams said he built high, in part, to get a break on flood insurance. The home sits 15 feet above ground. "The piece of land my house is sitting on was probably one of the highest above sea level in the area, about 8 or 9 feet above sea level before we even started the house," he said. "I think the house is about 16 inches higher than it needs to be." The couple credits Aran & Franklin Engineering in Galveston with retrofitting their home to meet the county's building codes, and the builders who finished the home, AM Coastal Construction. Warren Adams is worried that he and his neighbors won't be able to rebuild or recoup their losses. "Our closest friends want to rebuild," he said. "A lot of people want to come back. Beach people love beach." _EMAIL_ <N>  -- The streets are dark and the town is deserted, but Pam and Warren Adams still put up Christmas lights outside their Gilchrist, Texas, home. It is one of the few remaining after Hurricane Ike devastated the area in September. Pam and Warren Adams decorated their Gilchrist, Texas, home for the holidays. It was one of the few houses left standing after Hurricane Ike slammed the coastal town. more photos  When Ike hit Gilchrist on September 13, it destroyed nearly everything in its path. Most of the 200 or so houses there were flattened by the storm surge, and the Adams home was the only one left standing on the Gulf Coast side of the town. Now, the couple has returned to repair their battered home. Warren Adams is living in an RV trailer on their beachfront property. Pam Adams, 53, who spends the week at an apartment in Baytown, Texas, drives more than an hour to visit their home each weekend. "I think it'd be a little scary staying down there, with no one around and no power," said Judy Hudspeth, Pam Adams' sister. She shared the couple's story on iReport.com. "They were going to buy somewhere else and keep that house as a weekend home," Hudspeth said. "But [Pam] couldn't stand it. That's her home. She said there have been too many good times there; she wasn't leaving." "I'm so proud my house survived," Adams said. "I didn't realize how much I loved the house until I moved into this apartment." Adams said she and her husband would sit on their balcony and watch the ocean and sunset in the evenings. "I want everything back the way it was," she said. "I want my neighbors back." Because their home survived the hurricane, Adams said she imagined everything would be unscathed inside. "My house was always perfect," she explained. "I mean, I would get upset with Warren when he would leave a mug on the table." But everything was waterlogged and covered in mud. Adams said they had to throw clothing, furniture and other destroyed possessions out their windows to stop mold from growing. "At that point, I realized material things don't matter," she said, joking that she'll allow Warren to leave mugs lying around from now on. The Adamses moved to Baytown shortly after Ike destroyed Gilchrist and the surrounding area. Warren, 63, is retired and started going "stir crazy" after a few weeks there, his wife said. He decided to take their trailer down to Gilchrist, where he has spent the past few months working on rebuilding proposals and meeting with contractors. But rebuilding has barely begun. The couple hasn't received any insurance payments since Ike slammed Gilchrist. According to the Texas Department of Insurance, more than 73,000 Ike-related insurance claims had been filed as of December 13, and that number is expected to increase. Homeowners, renters and business owners who suffered damage from the hurricane can register for state and federal disaster insurance until January 12. Adams said she has been in contact with their insurance company but doesn't know when to expect payment. "It's just a mess. I think [Ike] overwhelmed them," she said. "They're still trying to figure out where flood damage ends and wind damage begins." Warren decided to pay to build an outdoor stairway with their personal savings. Climbing a ladder to get in and out of the home, which stands on 14-foot wooden columns, proved too arduous over time. "I'm trying to be patient," Adams shared. "I have to be. We're the only home standing. Our neighbors deserve to be first." 'There is still life in Gilchrist' On Friday, December 12, the couple watched the sun set from the beach home balcony. Adams was struck by the sight and snapped photos the entire time. "It was the prettiest one I've ever seen," she said. "It brought tears to my eyes." After the sun was gone and darkness enveloped the town once again, Adams asked her husband if they could put Christmas lights on their home. Her rationale was simple: "When people drive by, there's so much destruction around. I thought there should be something nice to look at." The next day -- 12 days before Christmas and three months after Hurricane Ike hit -- Adams bought $50 worth of holiday lights. Warren decorated their stairs and created a multicolored Christmas tree, illuminated by power from a generator. The home is visible from Highway 87, which stretches along Bolivar Peninsula. Passengers on the Bolivar Ferry can spot the Christmas tree from afar. iReport.com: See the original iReport on this home Adams described the lights as a beacon in the dark, proving "there is still life in Gilchrist." She said countless friends, former neighbors and passers-by have thanked them for the holiday display. One woman even expressed her gratitude "for giving my children hope." The couple isn't planning much for Christmas this year. They will cook dinner -- turkey breast, cornbread, stuffing and green beans -- in their RV kitchen, and spend the holiday together at their beach home with their two dogs. There will be no presents or visits with friends and family. It didn't seem appropriate, Adams said. "Everything's so depressing. We didn't feel like we should be celebrating when everyone's suffering so badly." But the couple has big hopes for next year. "It'll be a big Christmas with the neighbors," Adams exclaimed. "We'll fry turkeys, and there will be a lot to celebrate." Adams said she's looking forward to 2009. "I just want to get back home and watch all the structures go up in Gilchrist. We want to be the welcoming committee. We just want everyone to return." <N> My name is Pam Adams, and my husband, Warren and I own what was dubbed as the Last House Standing in Gilchrist near Rollover Pass. Our home became known after Hurricane Ike when a photographer during a fly over took the picture of our home that was broadcast worldwide. After repairing our home, we decided Gilchrist needed a new business, so we purchased the property across from us on the bay side and built FantaSea BBQ and Grill. We enjoy meeting so many that just pass through our peninsula and who stop and eat. We hear so many stories, meet so many new found friends, along with all our neighbors up and down our peninsula, and both have supported us in every way. Some have asked why we stayed and repaired our home. FantaSea is mydream home. It would have been easier to walk away after Hurricane Ike and lived somewhere else, but how could I ever do that? Warren and I discussed it and both decided to walk away. Then the day came for the look-and-leave visit. It was a heart-wrenching time in the lives of so many people. I stood there on my deck watching so many neighbors sitting in line to be cleared to cross Rollover Pass. Some were honking, some were waving, some were high fiving, and my heart went out to them. Warren and I knew our home was still here, and we knew what we had left, yet here were these people all giving us their own blessings even though they did know if they had a home left. Still we kept our word to move back to Baytown. Then one day, I was driving down Hwy. 87 towards my home, and the sunset shining under my home caused me to pull over and just sit and look at her. I knew at that moment that I could not walk away. The feeling I had was that this picture was the most beautiful, heartfelt sight that Id ever seen. My crippled home sat engulfed in the sunset on the Gulf. Somehow, I knew at that moment that we could not walk away from her. She didnt float away from us, or be blown to pieces, so we had to roll up our sleeves and give it one more try to live by the water. So many stopped by, so many wanted us to stay, and once some of us on the Bolivar BLUE Yahoo Group decided to have a Meet and Greet at Gregory Park it was finalized. We had connected with so many dear friends and we were going nowhere. On that day we met so many neighbors on the peninsula that have to this day become family. Some have asked why I love the Bolivar Peninsula. Its the people who make up the peninsula and call it home or visit when they can. They are the most determined group of good folks that I have ever met in my life and they are the reason I love the place as I do. I am humbled to think that Warren and I started out nine years ago at Rollover Pass for a weekend fishing trip. That adventure ended up with owning a home, (which we lost to Rita) and then building FantaSea in its place, and now a business, just amazes me. I feel a huge sense of shared pride each time I have to leave the peninsula due to my work schedule and return to see new pilings going up and knowing that finally someone else is coming back homewhere their hearts are. Our future plans are to continue serving our friends, neighbors and the peninsula at FantaSea BBQ & Grill. We are closed now for the season, but will reopen during spring break and are counting the hours until we see our friends gather back there for fun, good food, and lots of beach style fellowship. Im happiest when I am at the beach, with my flipflops and capris on, the sun is shining, and feeling the breezes off the Gulf. I feel that the Bolivar Peninsula is the theme for all I dream.. Its where I want to spend the rest of my life among so many great friends. I stand on my deck, watching the sunset and say Wow, God has blessed me, and I know that. He helped me through the loss of my daughter Christi, the loss of my parents, breast cancer, Hurricane Ike, and through His strength I find my own. Thank you to each of you for supporting us each step of our journey. We appreciate each of you more than you will ever know. To my Sisters of the Salt, thank you to each of you for being by my side. Each of you amazes me with your thoughtfulness. Thick or thin, youre all in. True friends are the ones that rush in when all the others rush out, and that describes the SOS girls (and their mates) perfectly. Pam Adams is one of the original Sisters of the Salt, and in fact, coined the phrase that is used in Winds over Bolivar. She now has a new assignment for the author, The Tides that Bind. <N> Pam and Warren Adams aren't so lonely in Gilchrist, Texas, anymore. In September 2008 they became known as the owners of the "last house standing," the only structure on Gilchrist's Gulf Coast side to have survived Hurricane Ike's massive sea surge, thanks to the stilt-like columns that lift the home 22 feet above normal sea level. (See the original iReport.) Now, the house still is the sole Gulf-side structure for several blocks, but there's been plenty of activity within shouting distance, on the narrow peninsula's other side. Perhaps three-dozen structures have been built or repaired on Gilchrist's East Bay side, across State Highway 87 from the couple's home, Pam Adams says. On the whole Bolivar Peninsula - a thin strip of land between mainland Texas and the Gulf where Ike reduced 5,500 homes and businesses to about 1,500 - about 3,000 homes and businesses stood with water service as of last month. The Adamses not only stayed on the peninsula (it took them a year to repair damage to the home and make it habitable again), they doubled down. One of the new structures across the highway is their new restaurant, FantaSea BBQ & Grill, which they opened last year. Pam says it's one of about three businesses currently open in Gilchrist. "It's always been my fantasy to live on the beach, and it's been Warren's fantasy to run a barbecue restaurant, and all in all, we're both living out our fantasies out here," said Pam, 56, who helps run the restaurant on weekends when she's not working as a cost analyst in Houston. Although the population is down, the peninsula still attracts beachgoers and fishermen, not to mention people using Highway 87 to get between Galveston and Louisiana. The restaurant, also run by 66-year-old Warren, a retired electrical designer, manages to attract plenty of people looking for barbecue, hamburgers, hot dogs and onion rings; it had 300 customers on July 23 alone, Pam said. The house may never have any immediate neighbors. Adjacent properties and more than 600 others on the peninsula were sold to the county under a buyout plan funded by FEMA, with the stipulation that no structure be built on those properties again. The arrangement frees people who didn't want to or couldn't rebuild, and reduces the number of future potential insurance claims in the flood-prone area. But the peninsula still is seeing an average of 30 new building permits a month for new structures, and the county is investing in the area, with plans to rebuild three fire stations, elevate the highway and introduce sanitary sewer service to an area that had relied on septic tanks only, said John Simsen, Galveston County's emergency management coordinator. Pam Adams enjoys being back at her beachside house. "Everything seems to be coming back," she said. "I'm really proud of all the strong, determined people down here." <N> 28 Days and Counting! Did you know? The only protection an Irish child has now is IN the 8th Amendmentif that was hypothetically removedthe Irish child would have ZERO rights and FULL control would be handed over to our politiciansWithout ANY further consultation with YOU the people of Ireland or doctors in relation to our childrens lives! Do you want to hand over complete and total control of our childrens lives to our politicians? Our New Anthem 25 FACTS and Reasons to Protect Irish children by...Voting NO on May 25th We could have given you a 1,000 reasons, but heres key reasons. Get the Facts, Not the Spin! Number 1: Abortion stops a heart beat! Number 2: Government Lies! Simon Harris, current Minister for Health  said he was 100% pro-life before he was elected and now he is campaigning for killing of Irish children. Below is an email from him clearly stating he would OPPOSE any legislation to introduce abortion in Ireland! Leo Varadkar also totally blatantly lied to the people of Ireland! The TRUTH VideoLeo Varadkar does NOT want you to see! Regina Doherty, Minister for Social Protection! Says she will NOT accept a NO vote from the Irish people! Remember sometimes LIES and propaganda come with smiles. Its only a clump of cells. its ONLY up to 12 weeks. Its not really a human yet. Its happening all over the world. It is not cool to kill a child! Abortion stops a heart beat! Travelling to kill a child in England, Scotland or Wales is not Cool!  Jurisdiction doesnt change the fact, that it is Not Right to kill a child! We do not want this in Ireland. We will protect and defend Irish children. The 8th amendment gives full protection for both mother and child. VOTE NO Its ok for politicians to come knock on your door and Harass you for a vote but dont dare try approach them in public and ask them a simple question!.Social Democrats embarrass themselves (watch from 3:25 onwards) using bullying & false accusation harassment techniques in public refusing to answer what a yes vote for abortion will achieve to a member of the public. Number 3: SAVITA SPIN AND LIE  BIGGEST LIE OF THE WHOLE CAMPAIGN Savita Halappanava, a lovely Indian woman sadly died of an infection, which was 100% proven by 3 independent enquires and the Irish Courts. 1 HIQA 2 the HSE 3 the State Coroner The journalist who broke the story has had 2 abortions and the paper she works for admitted after the court case that Savita died of an infection, NOT because she could not get an abortion! It was an extremely isolated case in Irish history which was proven 100% by doctors and in the courts to have been caused by an infection and medical negligence by the hospital in Galway and NOT because she could not have an abortion, which the repealers are still trying to lie to you and tell you it was. This is the biggest Lie of the campaign because the pro-abortionists are finding it very difficult to sell the idea to the Irish people, that it is cool to kill a childso instead they are using a womans death and the death of that woman and her husbands child for their own evil purposes and gain. The Irish courts have very rightly compensated her husband for this medical negligence. The LIE that Savita died because she could not have an abortion was SPUN and is till being SPUN and is being used by the repeal to further their own gain. This is TOTAL SPIN and LIES by repealers and they are Still spinning that lie tying to trick you to vote for abortion. They are completely dishonouring this womans name and life! The repealers repulsively smeared dog shit onto the pro life offices and stuck photos of Savitas face onto that! They used the tragic death of this woman in the most Repulsive way to promote the killing of a child through abortion and they are still doing it today. It is total manipulation and lies. Here we give you the truth. Savitas husband had to issue a statement through this solicitors because of what was going on. He categorically told the repealers to STOP pretending that his wifes death was because she could not get an abortion and to stop twisting things to suit their agenda. He recognised his wifes death had nothing to do with the fact that she could not have an abortion and indeed died from an infection and miscarriage. The Irish Times who broke the fake news story that she died because she could not get an abortionwere later forced to admit the TRUTH about Savita after her husband rightly took the State to court. You might like to know that The journalist that wrote this fake story has had 2 abortions. It was only after the court case that the Irish Times finally admitted that Savita died of a Miscarriage and infection. However they created much fake news with their story, that led many to be deceived that she died because she could not get an abortion and this lie went around the world. Others such as Mary Lou McDonald from Sinn Fein and Brid Smith and fake news mediaare continuing to use this LIE as spin for the repeal side on you, the Irish voter to try and convince you that it is cool to kill a child through abortion. Repealers are trying to fool people on this issue, using the death of this beautiful women for their own spin and lies! Shame on them! ButNow you know the truth. Number 4: The Irish media are biased and are Lying to you, the peopleBut why are they lying? Because their union, the National Union of Journalists (NUJ), it is their policy dictated from England from 1979 to try and push abortion on demand, wherever they have members! Well! Well!. Now we know why almost every journalist and media person is trying to sell you the idea that its cool to kill a child through abortion.But where then does independent and impartial reporting of news come into this? The answer is: It doesnt! It is completely biased Once Journalists in Ireland found out in 1980 about the NUJ abortion policy 70 journalists resigned from the NUJ, what happened then?. their livelihoods were threatened by the NUJ! One Journalist Billy Quirke took them to court who was blacked from his job for resigning from the NUJ in objection to their Abortion on Demand policy. He took that union to the High Court in Dublin to secure an injunction against the NUJ restraining it from interfering with his livelihood as a journalist and the union caved in before the judge was going to rule against the union. Billy was a well-known GAA reporter. He was also President of the Adoptive Parents Association of Ireland and as such objected to the NUJ instructing him on how to write about abortion and telling him he could only write articles promoting abortion on demand. So in effect these journalists were told how they could only write in a way that promotes abortion!  this completely goes against all ethics of journalism! The Irish Times and the Irish Examiner both published a Fake News poll that said 75% of Irish doctors wanted abortion in Ireland! Although it was retractednobody sought to check such a glaringly obvious piece of Fake News! The head of RTE is nominated by the government.this means they are not impartialand promote only what the government of the day wants to promote. RTE said that there were only 15,000 people at the pro-life rally. The truth was there was over 100,000+ people at the rally which lasted for nearly two hours. Terrible that our media are now lying for our Cromwellian government agenda. Number 5: 100,000 Irish people are alive today because of the protection of 8th Amendment. Remove that, and its the equivalent of killing Every single university student or one student in every primary school class room in Ireland! Are you ok with that? Number 6: The recent Supreme court action to remove ALL protection from the pre born child has meant that the ONLY protection now the unborn child hasis with the 8th amendment. If that were to be hypothetically removedthen the government could do what they want, when they wantfull birth abortion, any time, any place, for any reason! There are NO LIMITS!And they can do this WITHOUT EVER consulting the Irish people or doctors on it first through referendum again! Do you trust these politicians with the lives of our children? Number 7: According to the World Health Organisation, Ireland is the safest place IN THE WORLD TO HAVE A CHILD. The life of a woman under the 8th amendment gets priority over the child. No woman in Ireland has EVER died because of the 8th amendment, this is total spin by a repeal doctor Peter Moylan who the Savethe8th campaign have asked to RESIGN because of his lies. TD Mattie McGrath in the Irish Dail questioned this doctor to ask him to name one woman who has died because of the 8thand his answer was that he could not think of one!  Get the Truth, not the Spin! Both Irish women and children in the womb are already 100% completely protected and looked after very well by our maternity hospitals under Irish law as it stands. So there is no need to change our law. If it aint brokendo not change it. Number 8: This is the quote from THOUSANDS of expert Irish doctors who are working in the area of gynaecology and obstetrics, they have all signed this declaration confirming that the LIE put out by repealers, including this doctor Peter Boylan that the mothers life is not protected with the 8th Amendmentis a complete and total LIE. The majority of Doctors, Nurses and Mid wives in Ireland have categorically told the Minister for Health, Simon Harris that they will NOT become abortionists by giving out the abortion pill as the Minister for Heath is saying they hypothetically would have to do. This is a major blow to the repeal side. Well done to the Irish doctors. Below are the faces of a repeal vote from a South American abortion factory. Number 9: Lawyers including a High Court Judge who was also a Referendum Judge and a European Court of Justice Judge have issued a statement on 19/04/18 to say that what you are voting forisAbortion on demand! 100% Correct.and that this government has LIED to you the people of Ireland! And are advising you to VOTE NO. Thank you to the lawyers for telling the truth on this issue. Shame on this government for lying to the people of Ireland! The Citizens Assembly was rigged! It was supposed to be set up with representatives of every day citizens of Ireland to way up the pros and cons of our 8th Amendment but was proven to be rigged, when it was exposed that the recruiter, recruited her pro-abortion repeal friend and six of her other friends, instead of random selection. Nobody has resigned for this failed assemblyAlso FG TDS admitted that the assembly would deliver the result recommendation that they wanted which was to have a referendum in Ireland. This was BEFORE the Assembly even meet once! You cannot trust this government. Number 10: The child in the womb suffers a lot of pain when their arms are ripped out of their sockets one by one, their legs are pulled out, their head is dismembered and their skull is crushed and the fluid that spills out is their brains. Abortion is extreme violence on a child and the child feels a lot of painthe child actually recoils straight away when the weapons to kill the child are inserted into the womans cervix. Number 11: Repealers call themselves pro-choice!A Choice is what you will have for Breakfast!Not whether you can kill a child or not! Fatal fetal abnormality is not a medical term as been rejected by medical doctors! They have said it should be called Life Limiting Illnessesbut this is to over-hype the situation to make you believe its ok to kill a child. A hypothetical change to our 8th Amendment would mean these children would be on the repealers hit list! children with cleft palates, clubbed feet, autistic children, down syndrome children, and any other children.in effectthis is eugenics. Number 12: In cases of rape85% of rape victims go onto have their child. Those that have an abortion, say the effects of killing their child through abortion were much much worse than the rape itself. The child should not be killed because of the crimes of the rapist. That is pre-meditated murder. Abortion harder to deal with than the Rape  Miss C Case tells you  Nothing good comes from killing another human being. Number 13: The effects on both a man and woman who have contributed to an abortion are horrendousand this impacts massively on our society at large through ill metal health. If there were no effects of abortionwhy then is there so many post-abortion counsellors who are reported to be very busy now during this referendum campaign? Number 14: Vice-President of the USA Mike Pence said this year that abortion will be Illegal in our life time. Slavery once was thought of by a few cruel people to be cool, just like repealers think killing a child is cool,but now we are totally horrified by it and it is the most violent thing a human can do to another human being. Regina Doherty, FG Minister for Social Protectionadmitted that it Would be a Hard Sell to the Irish people to make them believe that it was cool to kill a child! Abortion is pre-meditated murder. And spin will not work on the Irish people. They are smarter than that! Number 15: When A pregnant woman is killedit is registered legally as a double homicide.Why? Because 2 people have died. Mother and Child. Repealers will try and make you believe that it is not a childby changing and softening the languagehoweverscience tells you otherwise, that it is a living and breathing child. 2 humans do not produce a non-human! Number 16: The Lord God says: Before I formed you in the wombI knew you, Before you were born, I set you apart.   Jeremiah 1:5 He also says: Thou Shalt Not Kill. Number 17: If the 8th Amendment was removed, nurses, doctors, carers and other medical staff in hospitals would be forced against their will to kill a child through an abortion up to 9 months! Nobody should be forced to kill another human living being against their will. Number 18: Real Equality starts in the Womb! Real women, and Real men, Defend, Not Destroy a childs life. Number 19: Amnesty International received a payment illegally from George Soros, an ex-Nazi to try and push for full birth abortion in Ireland. They have received Illegal funding from him to do this. The Irish government have told them to return this money immediatelyand they are refusing to give it back! Defying the Irish State and thus the Irish people! They need to be taken into the criminal courts for this and the Irish judiciary and charity regulator need to curtail them from operating operating until they return this fraudulently acquired finance. Number 20: There is no greater human rights violation, than denying the right for another person to live their life. Without the right to lifeAll other human rights are meaningless. Number 21: Women need more support to care for their children through counselling and financial help when they find that they are with childnot access to killing their child. Marias Story  3 Abortionsand Voting NO. Number 22: INTIMIDATION OF EVERYDAY PEOPLE  BY GOVERNMENT AND ALSO SOCIAL MEDIA GIANTS Government Intimidation of Civil Service Staff Government Email circulated intimidating 100,000 Health Service Executive (HSE) staff telling them can only speak out on this referendum in a personal capacity on media or else they would face disciplinary action, despite TDs Simon Harris and Leo Varadkar doing the exact and complete opposite of this!!! Simon Harris campaigned with Amnesty International who are defying the Irish government and refusing to give back illegal donation from George Soros and who are campaigning for full birth abortion and Leo Varadkar tweeted publicly for people to donate to and support the repeal campaign. Both doing Exactly what this email is telling, the little people Not to do! Total Hypocrisy. Mark McAuley BANNED FROM YOUTUBE for 3 months for posted this pro-life video on Youtube  click on link below to view, the video that was banned. As he said, he can post on men killing each other with guns! but not post a video of a child still alive after an abortion! Another man caught the video and here it isTHE VIDEO THEY NOT WANT YOU TO SEE. Click on link Number 23: REPEALERS CAUGHT DESTROYING pro-life posters AND FREEDOM OF SPEECH all around Irelandeven painting over some of them and bragging about it on twitter! And others taking down posters! This poster above with the child with the umbilical and been destroyed and replaced twice! And these are expensive to get printed! Number 24: The image speaks for itself! Number 25: In other countriesafter Abortion is introducedthen comes EUTHANASIA THAT MEANS YOURE NEXT IN LINE. Think ahead!Vote NO and Protect Life! If you can brain wash a person to believe that its cool to kill a child through abortion Like repeal is trying to do You can brain wash that person into believing anything! Knowledge is power. Here you have the truth. When you go to the Voting booth: You are going to be asked to decide whether you will be the defender and protector of a childs lifeor be their executioner? Which will you be? VOTE NO. How You can help? Another thing you can do is SHARE social media posts. Change your profile frame on of your photo on Facebook and Twitter to a Pro Life one. GET THIS T-SHIRT PRINTED AND WEAR IT EVERYDAY UNTIL POLLING DAY, LIKE I DO  You will get a lot of people giving you the thumbs up and chatting to you. Lots of people on the streets of Dublin are asking me Where did I get my t-shirtWell it was done by a top designer and we are sharing the logo With you, so you can get one done yourself at your local printers. And like me, you can wear it over your coatget one size above what you normally wear. Ask your local T-SHIRT printer (there is one in most shopping centres) to do it on a Royal Blue, Navy or Black Background and Make sure you get the logo put on Both the Front AND the Back. Thats Double Exposure. Here is the image below for the printer. Just right click and Save As. Contact us on _EMAIL_ Please follow Facebook pages: Artists for Keeping the 8th Amendment Pro-Life Ireland Exposing repeal Lawyers for Life Savethe8th Protect the 8th LoveBoth Project DoctorsforLifeIreland White flag Movement and put in the search bar pro life in Facebook and there are many other great Facebook pages there too. and @ExposeMediaBias and on twitter for more info. Thank you for visiting us. <N> IT was rigged folks! copy and paste links into your browser _LINKS_ IMPORTANT! FOR IMMEDIATE CIRCULATION JIM CORR  Why did RTE fail to fully inform the VOTERS of the BIGGEST NEWS STORY of the entire Referendum campaign? Why have voters been kept in the dark about the revelations concerning HARRIS/VARADKAR and the disgraced former HSE boss Tony OBriens links to the abortion industry in IRELAND? Is this the biggest COVER-UP of all time? Tony OBrien, former HSE boss and well known advocate of abortion was the Chief Executive of the IFPA, an affiliate organisation to the global abortion providers  International Planned Parenthood (IPPA). He was appointed as head of HSE in 2012. International Planned Parenthood was exposed just last year when its staff were filmed negotiating prices for the sale of body parts of aborted babies  babys livers and intact brains were fetching very high prices. All of the body parts were for sale, including arms, legs, hearts, lungs etc. Intact bodies, i.e. those not torn apart were in big demand. Minister for Health, Simon Harris authorized HSE boss Tony OBrien to join the Board of EVOFEM, a company involved in the supply of ABORTION SUCTION MACHINES AND ABORTION PILLS, why? Did he not see the conflict of interest here? Why was the huge secret fundraiser to get Leo elected as Taoiseach organised by high flying businessman Thomas Lynch, Director of that same company, EVOFEM who is currently Chairperson of Dublin East Hospital Group? That hospital group of which Mr. Lynch is chairperson includes in its remit the National Maternity Hospital. It is noteworthy that the current Master of the Maternity Hospital, Dr. Rhona OMahony and her brother-in-law the former Master of the National Maternity Hospital, Dr. Peter Boylan are the leading figures in the push for the repeal of the Eight Amendment. After Leo was elected Taoiseach, he abandoned his pro-life position and backed the repeal campaign _LINKS_ _LINKS_ _LINKS_ Were all these main players put in place to facilitate the abortion industrys Walk Into Ireland to set up their business here in the hope that the Referendum would pass? The sale of abortion equipment, the procedure to kill the baby known as a service and the sale of the body parts is all part of the Multi-Billion Dollar Abortion Industry. Obviously, the Referendum has little to do with compassion for women but everything to do with Big Business _LINKS_ Move fast and send this to all your contacts. Theres only a few hours to get the truth out especially to undecided voters and to all the well-intentioned voters on the repeal side. Many most innocent of lives depend on it. Date for the Diary! Great analysis on the referendum Do you know what this Referendum is about? Did you know? This government and elites wants to try to force on us abortion on demand to kill healthy children right up to birth! You are NOT being asked to vote in this referendum on the hard cases of rape or incest  you are being asked to vote on healthy children, who have Nothing wrong with them being killed through abortion right up to birth! This government have gone for the Most extreme measure. The only protection the Irish child has is with the 8th Amendment. The 8th amendment protects and defends the childs right to be alive. Thats why we love it. The 8th amendment fully protects the mother of the childit allows doctors to save the life of the mother, Always, over and above the life of the child. According to the World Health Authority, Ireland is the safest place in the world to have a childBecause of our 8th amendment. No Woman has EVER died in Ireland because of the 8th Amendment. The 8th Amendment in fact protects pregnant women 100%. If, hypothetically Ireland was to remove that piece of legislation, the Irish child would have ZERO rights under Irish lawand we would hand over TOTAL CONTROL to our POLITICIANS to do whatever they want with our children, WITHOUT any further consultation with us the Irish people or even with doctors. Do you Trust politicians with our childrens lives? Do you want to hand over complete and total control of our childrens lives to politicians? The politicians and the media have been lying to you folks! VOTE NO on May 25th. RTE Claire Byrne Referendum Debate  Majority of Ireland has seen thishave you? Warning! Graphic and Foul Language!.Pro-Life canvasser putting up postersassaulted by pro-abortion man in Galway!  Viral Video Referendum Video  Do you know what your voting on? NO BODY in Ireland wants this! Main Referendum Debate between No versus Yes. 25 FACTS and Reasons to Protect Irish children by...Voting NO on May 25th We could have given you a 1,000 reasons, but heres key reasons. Get the Facts, Not the Spin! Number 1: Abortion stops a heart beat! Number 2: The Government Lies! The head of the government campaign trying to tell you to vote for abortion REFUSES TO answer even one question put to her by the people!  The politicians are lying to you! Simon Harris, current Minister for Health  said he was 100% pro-life before he was elected and now he is campaigning for killing of Irish children. Below is an email from him clearly stating he would OPPOSE any legislation to introduce abortion in Ireland! He has also REFUSED up to this point, to debate the issue for the Irish people on either Radio or TV! Leo Varadkar also totally blatantly lied to the people of Ireland! The TRUTH VideoLeo Varadkar doesnt want you to see! Regina Doherty, Minister for Social Protection! Says she will NOT accept a NO vote from the Irish people! Remember sometimes LIES and propaganda come with smiles. Its only a clump of cells. its ONLY up to 12 weeks. Its not really a human yet. Its happening all over the world. It is not cool to kill a child! Abortion stops a heart beat! Travelling to kill a child in England, Scotland or Wales is not Cool!  Jurisdiction doesnt change the fact, that it is Not Right to kill a child! We do not want this in Ireland. We will protect and defend Irish children. The 8th amendment gives full protection for both mother and child. VOTE NO Its ok for politicians to come knock on your door and Harass you for a vote but dont dare try approach them in public and ask them a simple question!.Social Democrats embarrass themselves (watch from 3:25 onwards) using bullying & false accusation harassment techniques in public refusing to answer what a yes vote for abortion will achieve to a member of the public. Repeal campaign LIES exposed on radiothey say the child should have ZERO protection in law! I dont think that makes for very good laws  she says!!! AND THEN THERES TRUTH!..Elected Government TD warning you Not to Trust this Government  that this proposal is Extreme! Number 3: SAVITA SPIN AND LIE  BIGGEST LIE OF THE WHOLE CAMPAIGN Savita Halappanava, a lovely Indian woman sadly died of an infection, which was 100% proven by 3 independent enquires and also the Irish Courts. 1 HIQA  proved she died of an infection 2 the HSE  proved she died on an infection 3 the State Coroner  proved she died of an infection The journalist who broke the story has had 2 abortions and the paper she works for, The Irish Times admitted after the court case that Savita died of an infection, NOT because she could not get an abortion! It was an extremely isolated case in Irish history which was proven 100% by doctors and in the courts to have been caused by an infection and medical negligence by the hospital in Galway and NOT because she could not have an abortion, which the repealers are still trying to lie to you and tell you it was. This is the biggest Lie of the campaign because the pro-abortionists are finding it very difficult to sell the idea to the Irish people, that it is cool to kill a childso instead they are using a womans death and the death of that woman and her husbands child for their own evil purposes and gain. The Irish courts have very rightly compensated her husband for this medical negligence. The LIE that Savita died because she could not have an abortion was SPUN and is till being SPUN and is being used by the repeal to further their own gain. This is TOTAL SPIN and LIES by repealers and they are Still spinning that lie tying to trick you to vote for abortion. They are completely dishonouring this womans name and life! The repealers repulsively smeared dog shit onto the pro life offices and stuck photos of Savitas face onto that! They used the tragic death of this woman in the most Repulsive way to promote the killing of a child through abortion and they are still doing it today. It is total manipulation and lies. Here we give you the truth. Savitas husband had to issue a statement through this solicitors because of what was going on. He categorically told the repealers to STOP pretending that his wifes death was because she could not get an abortion and to stop twisting things to suit their agenda. He recognised his wifes death had nothing to do with the fact that she could not have an abortion and indeed died from an infection and miscarriage. The Irish Times who broke the fake news story that she died because she could not get an abortionwere later forced to admit the TRUTH about Savita after her husband rightly took the State to court. You might like to know that The journalist that wrote this fake story has had 2 abortions. It was only after the court case that the Irish Times finally admitted that Savita died of a Miscarriage and infection. However they created much fake news with their story, that led many to be deceived that she died because she could not get an abortion and this lie went around the world. Others such as Mary Lou McDonald from Sinn Fein and Brid Smith and fake news mediaare continuing to use this LIE as spin for the repeal side on you, the Irish voter to try and convince you that it is cool to kill a child through abortion. Repealers are trying to fool people on this issue, using the death of this beautiful women for their own spin and lies! Shame on them! ButNow you know the truth. Number 4: The Irish media are biased and are Lying to youBut why? Because their union, the National Union of Journalists (NUJ), it is their policy dictated from England from 1979 to try and push abortion on demand, wherever they have members! Well! Well!. Now we know why almost every journalist and media person is trying to sell you the idea that its cool to kill a child through abortion.But where then does independent and impartial reporting of news come into this? The answer is: It doesnt! It is completely biased  Once Journalists in Ireland found out in 1980 about the NUJ abortion policy 70 journalists resigned from the NUJ, what happened then?. their livelihoods were threatened by the NUJ! One Journalist Billy Quirke took them to court who was blacked from his job for resigning from the NUJ in objection to their Abortion on Demand policy. He took that union to the High Court in Dublin to secure an injunction against the NUJ restraining it from interfering with his livelihood as a journalist and the union caved in before the judge was going to rule against the union. Billy was a well-known GAA reporter. He was also President of the Adoptive Parents Association of Ireland and as such objected to the NUJ instructing him on how to write about abortion and telling him he could only write articles promoting abortion on demand. So in effect these journalists were told how they could only write in a way that promotes abortion!  this completely goes against all ethics of journalism! The Irish Times and the Irish Examiner both published a Fake News poll that said 75% of Irish doctors wanted abortion in Ireland! Although it was retractednobody sought to check such a glaringly obvious piece of Fake News! The head of RTE is nominated by the government.this means they are not impartialand promote only what the government of the day wants to promote. RTE said that there were only 15,000 people at the pro-life rally. The truth was there was over 100,000+ people at the rally which lasted for nearly two hours. Terrible that our media are now lying for our Cromwellian government agenda. Irish Film Directors expose dark side of abortion industry Number 5: 100,000 Irish people are alive today because of the protection of 8th Amendment. Remove that, and its the equivalent of killing Every single university student or one student in every primary school class room in Ireland! Are you ok with that? Number 6: The recent Supreme court action to remove ALL protection from the pre born child has meant that the ONLY protection now the unborn child hasis with the 8th amendment. If that were to be hypothetically removedthen the government could do what they want, when they wantfull birth abortion, any time, any place, for any reason! There are NO LIMITS!And they can do this WITHOUT EVER consulting the Irish people or doctors on it first through referendum again! Do you trust these politicians with the lives of our children? If you vote yes, you deny the child all their rights and safeguards!  Confirmed by Supreme Court of Ireland. This is Shocking! An animal hypothetically would have more rights than a child! Number 7: According to the World Health Organisation, Ireland is the safest place IN THE WORLD TO HAVE A CHILD. The life of a woman under the 8th amendment gets priority over the child. No woman in Ireland has EVER died because of the 8th amendment, this is total spin by a repeal doctor Peter Moylan who the Savethe8th campaign have asked to RESIGN because of his lies. TD Mattie McGrath in the Irish Dail questioned this doctor to ask him to name one woman who has died because of the 8thand his answer was that he could not think of one!  Get the Truth, not the Spin! Both Irish women and children in the womb are already 100% completely protected and looked after very well by our maternity hospitals under Irish law as it stands. So there is no need to change our law. If it aint brokendo not change it. These Doctors are telling you 100% Truth and nothing but the Truth and to Vote NO Lies from both Peter Boylan and Rhona Mahony Slammed down 100% by Emminent Obstetricians and Gynaecologists! The Truth Always Wins over lies. This is the quote from THOUSANDS of expert Irish doctors who are working in the area of gynaecology and obstetrics, they have all signed this declaration confirming that the LIE put out by repealers, including this doctor Peter Boylan that the mothers life is not protected with the 8th Amendmentis a complete and total LIE. Number 8: The majority of Doctors, Nurses and Mid wives in Ireland have categorically told the Minister for Health, Simon Harris that they will NOT become abortionists by giving out the abortion pill as the Minister for Heath is saying they hypothetically would have to do. This is a major blow to the repeal side. Well done to the Irish doctors. Below are the faces of a repeal vote from a South American abortion factory. Number 9: Lawyers telling you the Truth and nothing but the Truth and to VOTE NO Lawyers including a High Court Judge who was also a Referendum Judge and a European Court of Justice Judge have issued a statement on 19/04/18 to say that what you are voting forisAbortion on demand! 100% Correct.and that this government has LIED to you the people of Ireland! And are advising you to VOTE NO. Thank you to the lawyers for telling the truth on this issue. Shame on this government for lying to the people of Ireland! The Citizens Assembly was rigged! It was supposed to be set up with representatives of every day citizens of Ireland to way up the pros and cons of our 8th Amendment but was proven to be rigged, when it was exposed that the recruiter, recruited her pro-abortion repeal friend and six of her other friends, instead of random selection. Nobody has resigned for this failed assemblyAlso FG TDS admitted that the assembly would deliver the result recommendation that they wanted which was to have a referendum in Ireland. This was BEFORE the Assembly even meet once! You cannot trust this government. _LINKS_ Number 10: The child in the womb suffers a lot of pain when their arms are ripped out of their sockets one by one, their legs are pulled out, their head is dismembered and their skull is crushed and the fluid that spills out is their brains. Abortion is extreme violence on a child and the child feels a lot of painthe child actually recoils straight away when the weapons to kill the child are inserted into the womans cervix. Number 11: Repealers call themselves pro-choice!A Choice is what you will have for Breakfast!Not whether you can kill a child or not! Fatal fetal abnormality is not a medical term as been rejected by medical doctors! They have said it should be called Life Limiting Illnessesbut this is to over-hype the situation to make you believe its ok to kill a child. A hypothetical change to our 8th Amendment would mean these children would be on the repealers hit list! children with cleft palates, clubbed feet, autistic children, down syndrome children, and any other children.in effectthis is eugenics. Irish woman on the Late Late Show who was going to England to have abortion, her child is alive today Because of the 8th amendment being in our constitutionif it was removedher child would have been killed because she would have made a rash decision. Irish womens lives ripped apartbecause of abortion! Nobody wins! Vote No. Trauma. Anger. Regret. Guilt. Broken Hearted. Dying Inside  Irish Women after Abortion Number 12: Famous Miss C Case comes forward on Video and tells you to VOTE NO  not to trust politicians and government that they used her! What she wanted was help and support, not to kill her child  thats what we want for Ireland, not abortion. In cases of rape85% of rape victims go onto have their child. Those that have an abortion, say the effects of killing their child through abortion were much much worse than the rape itself. The child should not be killed because of the crimes of the rapist. That is pre-meditated murder. Abortion harder to deal with than the Rape  Miss C Case tells you  Nothing good comes from killing another human being. Number 13: The effects on both a man and woman who have contributed to an abortion are horrendousand this impacts massively on our society at large through ill metal health. If there were no effects of abortionwhy then is there so many post-abortion counsellors who are reported to be very busy now during this referendum campaign? Is it a person in the womb?  That question is answered in this video Number 14: Vice-President of the USA Mike Pence said this year that abortion will be Illegal in our life time. Slavery once was thought of by a few cruel people to be cool, just like repealers think killing a child is cool,but now we are totally horrified by it and it is the most violent thing a human can do to another human being. Regina Doherty, FG Minister for Social Protectionadmitted that it Would be a Hard Sell to the Irish people to make them believe that it was cool to kill a child! Abortion is pre-meditated murder. And spin will not work on the Irish people. They are smarter than that! Number 15: When A pregnant woman is killedit is registered legally as a double homicide.Why? Because 2 people have died. Mother and Child. Repealers will try and make you believe that it is not a childby changing and softening the languagehoweverscience tells you otherwise, that it is a living and breathing child. 2 humans do not produce a non-human! Number 16: The Lord God says: Before I formed you in the wombI knew you, Before you were born, I set you apart.   Jeremiah 1:5 He also says: Thou Shalt Not Kill  everyone knows it is Not Right to kill a child! Vote No for the Little People Number 17: If the 8th Amendment was removed, nurses, doctors, carers and other medical staff in hospitals would be forced against their will to kill a child through an abortion up to 9 months! Nobody should be forced to kill another human living being against their will. Number 18: Real Equality starts in the Womb! This referendum is Nothing like the Marriage Equality one, it is Totally Different! Despite repealers trying to fool people that they are similar! They are not! Real women, and Real men, Defend, Not Destroy a childs life. Number 19: Amnesty International received a payment illegally from George Soros, an ex-Nazi and globalist who is to trying to push for full birth abortion in Ireland. They have received Illegal funding from him to do this  He is interfering with democracy in our Ireland! The Irish government have told them to return this money immediatelyand they are refusing to give it back! Defying the Irish State and thus the Irish people! They need to be taken into the criminal courts for this and the Irish judiciary and charity regulator need to curtail them from operating operating until they return this fraudulently acquired finance. Number 20: There is no greater human rights violation, than denying the right for another person to live their life. Without the right to lifeAll other human rights are meaningless. Number 21: Women need more support to care for their children through counselling and financial help when they find that they are with childnot access to killing their child. Marias Story  3 Abortionsand Voting NO. Number 22: INTIMIDATION OF EVERYDAY PEOPLE  BY GOVERNMENT AND ALSO SOCIAL MEDIA GIANTS Government Intimidation of Civil Service Staff Government Email circulated intimidating 100,000 Health Service Executive (HSE) staff telling them can only speak out on this referendum in a personal capacity on media or else they would face disciplinary action, despite TDs Simon Harris and Leo Varadkar doing the exact and complete opposite of this!!! Simon Harris campaigned with Amnesty International who are defying the Irish government and refusing to give back illegal donation from George Soros and who are campaigning for full birth abortion and Leo Varadkar tweeted publicly for people to donate to and support the repeal campaign. Both doing Exactly what this email is telling, the little people Not to do! Total Hypocrisy. Mark McAuley BANNED FROM YOUTUBE for 3 months for posted this pro-life video on Youtube  click on link below to view, the video that was banned. As he said, he can post on men killing each other with guns! but not post a video of a child still alive after an abortion! Another man caught the video and here it isTHE VIDEO THEY NOT WANT YOU TO SEE. Click on link _LINKS_ Number 23: 90% of the posters in Dublin have been REMOVED by Repealers! REPEALERS CAUGHT DESTROYING pro-life posters AND FREEDOM OF SPEECH all around Irelandeven painting over some of them and bragging about it on twitter! And others taking down posters! This poster above with the child with the umbilical and been destroyed and replaced twice! And these are expensive to get printed! Number 24: The image speaks for itself! Number 25: In other countriesafter Abortion is introducedthen comes EUTHANASIA THAT MEANS YOURE NEXT IN LINE. Think ahead!Vote NO and Protect Life! If you can brain wash a person to believe that its cool to kill a child through abortion Like repeal is trying to do You can brain wash that person into believing anything! Knowledge is power. Here you have the truth. When you go to the Voting booth: You are going to be asked to decide whether you will be the defender and protector of a childs lifeor be their executioner? Which will you be? VOTE NO. The Peoples Anthem. Vote No! No! How You can help? SHARE images, video on FACEBOOK. We win when you SHARE. Donate to the campaign. Click here to donate. Another thing you can do is SHARE social media posts. Change your profile frame on of your photo on Facebook and Twitter to a Pro Life one. GET THIS T-SHIRT PRINTED AND WEAR IT EVERYDAY UNTIL POLLING DAY, LIKE I DO  You will get a lot of people giving you the thumbs up and chatting to you. Lots of people on the streets of Dublin are asking me Where did I get my t-shirtWell it was done by a top designer and we are sharing the logo With you, so you can get one done yourself at your local printers. And like me, you can wear it over your coatget one size above what you normally wear. Ask your local T-SHIRT printer (there is one in most shopping centres) to do it on a Royal Blue, Navy or Black Background and Make sure you get the logo put on Both the Front AND the Back. Thats Double Exposure. Here is the image below for the printer. Just right click and Save As. Contact us on _EMAIL_ Please follow Facebook pages: Artists for Keeping the 8th Amendment Pro-Life Ireland Exposing repeal Lawyers for Life Savethe8th Protect the 8th LoveBoth Project DoctorsforLifeIreland White flag Movement and put in the search bar pro life in Facebook and there are many other great Facebook pages there too. and @ExposeMediaBias and on twitter for more info. Thank you for visiting us. <N> I met Mariana, a 20-year-old woman in Paraba state, almost a year ago in the waiting area of a public hospital. I was investigating access to reproductive health services for women and girls in northeastern Brazil, and Mariana was one of my first interviews. She told me she had an unplanned pregnancy, and gave birth, when she was 18. I cried a lot and I didnt want it at all, she said. But abortion is a crime in Brazil, except in cases of rape, when the life of the woman is at risk, or the fetus has anencephalya fatal congenital brain disorder. I asked Mariana if she felt like she had any options other than continuing with the pregnancy. No, she said quietly, shaking her head. Today marks a Global Day of Action for Access to Safe and Legal Abortion. Advocates around the world are urging governments to lift restrictions on access to abortion to protect the human rights of women and adolescent girls. Brazilian authorities should pay attention. Last year, my colleagues and I interviewed nearly 100 women and girls in northeastern Brazil for a report on the human rights impacts of the Zika virus outbreak. Unplanned pregnancies were common. Fewer than one-third of the women and girls we spoke to about family planning said their most recent pregnancy was planned. Some said their contraceptive methods failed, often because they lacked information on correct usage. Others had trouble accessing family planning, especially long-term methods. Women and girls told us they felt scared, shocked, or desperate when they found out they were pregnant. One woman said it felt like a bomb going off in life. Another said, When I found out [I was pregnant], my life collapsed. Because of restrictions on access to abortion, hundreds of thousands of women and girls in Brazil risk their health and lives to get clandestine, and often unsafe, abortions each year. Poor and marginalized women and girls suffer as they may not be able to afford safer procedures. Doctors we interviewed said they had treated patients with serious complications from unsafe abortion. These cases leave a mark on us, said one obstetrician in Pernambuco state. I have followed cases of women with very serious infections due to unsafe abortions that had septic shock and died. She also described treating patients who had ruptured their uterus and gotten infections in the abdominal cavity from trying to induce abortion through unsafe methods. I interviewed one young woman who told me she was raped when she was 13, and took pills she bought at a pharmacy to terminate the pregnancy. At the time, she didnt know that because she was raped she probably could have accessed legal abortion. I didnt have a lot of information, she said. I didnt know what I could do. She took the pills and then met some friends. I started feeling pain and cramps, she said. Then I started bleeding. She left her friends and tried to get home quickly alone, but she was bleeding heavily, to the point that her clothing was soaked with blood. She told me she had to stop twice on her way home to wring the blood out from her skirt. She managed to terminate the pregnancy, but no one should have to suffer though such a traumatic experience, least of all an adolescent girl who was raped. More than 900 women and girls have died from unsafe abortion in Brazil since 2005, according to Ministry of Health data. Roughly one out of every six deaths from unsafe abortion between 2011 and 2015 was of a girl or young woman between the ages of 10 and 19. Two cases before the court could decriminalize abortion in certain contexts. In one case, the National Association of Public Defenders, with support from the nongovernmental group Anis-Institute of Bioethics, filed a petition contending that pregnant women infected with Zika who are experiencing anxiety or distress related to having the virus during pregnancy should have access to legal abortion. In a separate case, the Socialism and Freedom Party, also with support from Anis, challenged the criminalization of abortion on any grounds in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. Human Rights Watch submitted amicus briefs in both cases, saying that the criminalization of abortion is incompatible with Brazils human rights obligations. Meanwhile, Brazils Congress is moving in the wrong direction. Conservative representatives are pushing bills that would restrict the already very-limited access to abortion or ban it outright. That would only make matters much worse. Expanding access to safe abortion would save womens lives by making the procedures safer. The decision to terminate a pregnancy is deeply personal, and can be difficult. Women and girls in Brazil are being denied the right to make independent decisions about their health and their bodies. On this global day of action, Brazil should confront the public health crisis resulting from unsafe abortion, and take urgent steps to decriminalize abortion and protect reproductive rights. The health and lives of Brazilian women and girls depend on it. <N> by Thu Huong Le Nguyen Van Thao, head of the cemetery, points to the funereal jars for abandoned foetuses. For years, villagers in Doi Coc hamlet in Soc Son District did not want outsiders to know about their good deed in burying them in one of the village's cemeteries.  VNS Photo Phan Duong HA NOI  A quiet cemetery in Doi Coc hamlet is similar to any other, but the perfectly lined rows of white tombs hold thousands of abandoned dead foetuses villagers brought back and buried. HA NOI  A quiet cemetery in Doi Coc hamlet is similar to any other, but the perfectly lined rows of white tombs hold thousands of abandoned dead foetuses villagers brought back and buried. For years, the locals in the hamlet in Thanh Xuan Village in Soc Son District, did not want outsiders to know about their selfless act in finding a resting place for the abandoned foetuses. They said it was simply acting out of sympathy for the unborn. But a few months ago, word about the cemetery reached the media. Suddenly, the topic has received a massive attention. "We did not want the focus to be on us," said Nguyen Van Thao, who takes care of the cemetery. He was one of the first villagers to become involved in the task. "We try our very best to make sure that our acts help ease the suffering of these souls." Now, visitors often come to learn how, amid the hassles of daily living, a group of villagers give up their own free time to voluntarily find a peaceful resting place for the souls of the infants. According to Thao, in the year 2000, a local saw an abandoned foetus on the street side  and buried it. "We believe that each has a soul," he said. "They were supposed to be born, but for some reason they were not, but they do not deserve to be abandoned." Word spread and since then, hundreds of villagers here have repeated the act. Some even travel many kilometres to private abortion clinics to rescue aborted foetuses. The task of collecting the unborn babes often starts at dawn. Burials are usually performed in the afternoon. In the past, the dead foetuses were buried between regular graves if there was enough space. But then, in 2004, the villagers decided to divide the cemetery into two parts  one for normal burials and the other for the unborn. Nguyen Thi Hoi, 45, is one of two co-ordinators. She said on some days, as many as 50 foetuses were gathered. So far, Hoi said more than 50,000 have been buried. Each white tomb holds between 400 to 500 babies. Most are anonymous, but occasionally, there are memorial steles for the identified unborn or those who died at birth. "Those with steles are often deformed babies whose families heard about the special cemetery," she said. "That way, they have a place to visit and burn incense for the child." Local authorities are aware of the cemetery, but do not get involved. Nguyen Van An, the hamlet chief, said the local authorities acknowledged the villagers' good acts but all the funds for the tombs were privately donated. The villagers, most of whom are farmers, use their own money to buy funereal jars and white cloth to wrap and bury the foetuses. Occasionally the jars are donated. Others also donate their time digging the ground on a weekly basis. The Health Ministry estimates that about 300,000 abortions are carried out for women between 15 and 19 years old each year. But that's only the numbers from public hospitals, not the other 31,000 private clinics in the country. Most major public hospitals in Ha Noi bury foetuses after abortions, while many private clinics pay no attention to the issue and dump the little bodies at tips. And that might explain why the number of dead foetuses in the village cemetery is rising. Thao knows what he and other helpers are doing is only a drop in the ocean. Still, he and others are upset by the growing popularity of abortions, especially among young people. Some locals believe many abortions are performed on females in industrial zone factories in the district and nearby localities. Even though media attention can be tiresome, Thao hopes it will turn into real financial support for the cemetery. "We try doing this to the best of our abilities," he said. "It's a social problem that has to be resolved."  VNS <N> Halloween: A time for ghost stories and urban legends. Most people on campus have heard of the ghost of Oxley Hall  the woman who still roams the corridors of the building more than a half a century after her death. But some might not have heard the one about the serial killer in Morrill Tower. Unfortunately for the students living in the 23-story residence hall, the legend of the Cannon Drive Cannibal is fact, not fiction. In autumn 1978, Morrill Tower became home to a new class of students who would later go on to become doctors, lawyers and engineers. But one of the most famous residents that year had already begun the career that would take over his life for the next 13 years. His name was Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer. Deemed the notorious Milwaukee Cannibal, Dahmer became a resident of Bath, Ohio, when he moved from Wisconsin at the age of eight. Like many other Ohioans, 18-year-old Dahmer enrolled at OSU following his senior year of high school. But unlike the usual sea of freshmen who come to OSU, Dahmer had a very unique quality: By the time he stepped onto campus, he had already committed his first murder. In June 1978, Dahmer began his decade-long killing spree when he took the life of 18-year-old hitchhiker Steven Hicks. Dahmer struck the young man in the head with a barbell and buried his body behind his house in Bath Township. With the weight of the murder on his shoulders, Dahmer walked onto the OSU campus for autumn quarter classes a mere three months later. Little is known about his tenure as a Buckeye. Dahmer resided in Morrill Tower for only one quarter and never officially declared a major. Although a hold has been put on his transcript and his exact schedule is unknown, it has been rumored that Dahmer was a student in Paul Sciullis Introduction to Anthropology class. Sciulli, however, said he cannot confirm this myth. With a class of over 600 people, I cant verify that he was in the class, Sciulli said. Dahmer was not officially listed as a member of any university organizations or athletics, and his tenure at OSU was cut short when he failed to enroll in winter quarter classes for the 1979 term. Although Dahmers presence at OSU is not a boast-worthy event, it has left an impact on the university scenery. Its nothing to be proud of, said Brittany Jackson, a sophomore and resident of Morrill Tower, but it definitely gives notoriety to the dorm. Unfortunately for the OSU community, Dahmer was not the only notorious person to grace the Buckeye campus. Dr. Michael Swango, the notorious Dr. Death, was connected to at least 35 lethal injections and pleaded guilty to a total of four murders. A graduate of the Southern Illinois University Medical School, Swango began his tenure at Ohio State when he was offered a yearlong internship, to be followed by a four-year residency at the OSU Medical Center in July 1983. Deemed Double-O Swango by his classmates, Swango was known for the observation that many of his patients died while under his care, thus the insinuation that he had a James Bond-like license to kill. During his time at the medical center, Swangos ineptitude in the medical field became quite apparent. His work was peppered with accusations of misconduct and poor bedside manner. Included was an investigated incident in February 1984 in which a nurse reportedly saw Swango inject a substance into the intravenous tube of a patient. The female patient was rushed to the intensive care unit just two minutes later when she stopped breathing. Dr. Carole Ann Miller, an associate professor of surgery at the time of Swangos residency at the medical center, said in a February 1985 issue of the Columbus Dispatch that Swango had a lack of interest and of medical knowledge. Miller refused to comment for this article. Swango left the medical center and returned to Illinois. There he was accused and later convicted of the non-lethal poisonings of six co-workers in Quincy, Ill. This conviction led to a probe of Swangos conduct while at OSU. Although Swango was cleared in the probe of seven patient deaths during his residency, he later confessed to the murder of 19-year-old Cynthia Ann McGee, a patient at OSU Medical Center in January 1984. The confession came in conjunction with that for the murders of three patients at a New York veterans hospital in September 2000. Dr. Michael Swango was convicted for all four deaths and is now serving two life sentences. In a diary entry of the notorious Dr. Death, Swango said the murders were the only way I have of reminding myself that Im still alive. <N>  When a young sperm whale washed up on a beach in southern Spain, scientists wanted to know what killed it. They now know: waste -- 64 pounds of it. Most of it plastic, but also ropes, pieces of net and other debris lodged in its stomach. The discovery has prompted authorities in Murcia, Spain, to launch a campaign to clean up its beaches. "The presence of plastic in the ocean and oceans is one of the greatest threats to the conservation of wildlife throughout the world, as many animals are trapped in the trash or ingest large quantities of plastics that end up causing their death," Murcia's general director of environment, Consuelo Rosauro said in a statement. El Valle Wildlife Center found 64 lbs of plastic waste on a young sperm whale. A sperm whale's diet is usually comprised of giant squid. But the 33-foot long mammal that washed up on the beach of Cabo de Palos on February 27 was unusually thin. The necropsy results, released last week, listed just some of the items scientists found stuck in its stomach and intestines: plastic bags, pieces of net, a plastic water container. Read More <N> A sperm whale was found washed ashore dead after swallowing 64 pounds of plastic debris. The male sperm whale was found on the Murcian coast in southern Spain in late February, reminding us how critical plastic waste in the oceans has become. After investigating, the El Valle Wildlife Rescue Center determined that the sperm whale was killed by gastric shock to its stomach and intestines after ingesting 64 pounds of plastic. The autopsy found plastic bags, nets, ropes, plastic sacks, and even a plastic jerrycan in the whale's stomach and intestines. Experts found the inner walls of the whale's abdomen to be inflamed due to a bacterial or fungal infection. This is likely a result of the whale unable to expel the plastics from its system, resulting in peritonitis. The male sperm whale, an endangered species protected in the US under the Endangered Species Conservation Act, weighed over 6 tonnes and measured 33 feet long. Sperm whales typically eat squid and live around the same lifespan as humans, averaging 70 years. As a result of the whale's death, the Murcia government launched a campaign against dumping plastic waste into the coastal town's water. The coastal community is working to raise awareness of the ever-growing plastic problem in oceans and the need for beach cleaning. It is becoming increasingly clear that plastic in our oceans is a core threat to marine life in the decades to come. Approximately 5 trillion pieces of plastic are estimated to be floating around the world's oceans based on a recent study. To make matters worse, marine experts believe the total weight of plastic in our oceans could outweigh fish in the world's oceans by 2050. This beached juvenile Sperm #Whale was found off the coast of #Spain. If it looks emaciated, it's because it starved to death. In its stomach was 64 lbs of #plastic, causing an infection. Our #Oceans are drowning in a sea of plastic. We need to break our addiction. pic.twitter.com/oICIlyGHJw  Daniel Schneider (@BiologistDan) April 7, 2018 With an increasing amount of plastic discarded in oceans, whale deaths due to ingestion of plastics are becoming far too common. Just two years ago a pod of 13 sperm whales all washed ashore dead from ingestion of plastic waste. To cope with this dilemma, many countries around the world are phasing out single-use plastic bags as typically seen in grocery stores. Below is a map of where countries are in their phasing out of low-density polyethylene plastic bags. Green indicates plastic bags are banned Yellow indicates a tax on some plastic bags Orange indicates a voluntary tax agreement Purple indicates a partial tax or ban at a regional level The European Union is pushing a transition to have all plastic recyclable or reusable by 2030 with many agencies around the world discussing phasing out non-biodegradable plastics completely. However, in the meantime efforts to clean up beaches and oceans are underway due to dedicated and novel initiatives. <N> A massive whale is unveiled on the shores of Sea Side Beach Resort in Naic, Cavite. The 15m x 3m blue whale, which looked to be in the late stages of decomposition, immediately captured the attention of nearby communities and beachgoers. As groups gathered to haul off the dead whale, they noticed that its entire body was made of plastic wastes found in the ocean. The slimy innards sprawling out of its underbelly was a mix of plastic bags, remains of plastic containers, sachets, bottles and more. Photos of this morose installation spiraled around social media on the day itself, sparking conversations on plastics pollutiona topic far different from the viral oarfish photos in Mindanao that were said to be a sign of the end of the world. THE CASE OF PLASTICS POLLUTION Just in the first quarter of 2016, already more than 30 dead sperm whales were found washed up in the shores of Europe, with large amounts of plastic waste in their stomachs. Late last year, one of them was found here in Samal, Davao. The reaction of locals was almost baffling as they simply collected the whales carcass and transported it to a local museum where they usually display beached sea creatures found in the area. Though the Philippines has made commitments to address the plastics issue through the Ecological Solid Waste Management Act since 2001, the country still ranks third highest contributor of plastic wastes in the ocean. TIMELY DEATH OF THE WHALE With the Philippines as chair of this years ASEAN Summit, Greenpeace Philippines took the opportunity to call upon ASEAN environmental leaders to take concrete measures against plastics pollution and to stop environmental degradation and dying marine life. The ASEAN regions contribution to plastic pollution in the oceans cannot be ignored and is already way beyond alarming. We are asking the ASEAN membership to take this issue with a sense of urgency and demand that our leaders initiate bold steps to address plastics pollution through regional cooperation, exacting corporate responsibility and massive public education, said Vince Cinches, Oceans Campaigner of Greenpeace Philippines. Beyond initiating talks on plastics pollution in the Summit, environmental influencers and celebrities also joined the conversation by talking about the dead blue whale as the impending doom from plastics pollution predicted to outweigh marine life by 2050. <N> Historical Background Thousands of years ago, Naic was a part of the towering Mt. Taal. Naic was the western slope of the volcano until it erupted internally that led to the sinking of its apex in its present condition. When the Jesuits discovered Maragondon in 1627, its total land area covered the whole of Naic, Ternate, and Magallanes (VANCE; SAULO and de OCAMPO, 1990; MEDINA, 1992). In 1758, the Jesuits founded a community in the western bank of the river (presently Brgy. Muzon) and made it into a sitio with a visita still under Maragondon (VANCE; JOSE, 1996; MEDINA, 1992). In 1791, the community was finally made into a town with its Poblacion still in the western bank. The town was named NAIC after the old archaic word CAAYIC meaning town near one another or the other side (MEDINA, 1992), while ALFREDO B. SAULO contends that Naic is a highly cultured Tagalog word meaning suburbs or countryside. Also in Malaysia, Naic means overboard which only proves that the terms used, refers to the fact that Naic was just a part of the older town of Maragondon and not from the crying sound of pigs (NA-IGIK). Moreover, due to the closeness of Naic to the Poblacion in Maragondon, Naic transferred its center in 1798 to the eastern bank of the river (the present Poblacion (MEDINA, 1992).lso during this time, the town was already a flourishing fishing and agricultural village (VILLANUEVA, 1982). On the other hand, the church since 1797 was under the secular clergy who were mostly Filipinos (JOSE, 1997; MEDINA, 1992). Upon the Royal Audencia issued in 1849, the church was transferred to the Dominican hacienda in Naic as early as 1830 and upon finding out that the land in Naic was fertile, they built the Casa Hacienda de Naic (the present Naic Elementary School) to be the administration building for the overseer of the large friar lands in Naic (JOSE, 1996). In the revolution of 1897, all the names of the towns in Cavite were Filipinized, thus, the name of Naic was changed to Maguagi. Furthermore, five historic events took place in Naic which helped in the attainment of freedom from Spain. These are as follows: The designing of the first official flag of the country which took place in Sulok, Naic, Cavite (the present Velamart); The aborted coup d etat (Acta de Naic) initiated by Andres Bonifacio and his 41 co-revolutionists which almost ovethrew the government initiated in Tejeros (Casa Hacienda de Naic); The appointment of the first cabinet ministers including the Departments of Interior,Justice,Finance and Defense (Casa Hacienda de Naic); Battle of Timalan where the Filipino revolutionists won overwhelmingly against the Spanish Troops (Timalan, Naic, Cavite); Battle of Naic where Aguinaldo declared the town to be his last defense (Poblacion) Naic is also the very first town in the country to pass an ordinance banning pigs on the street for it had been a perennial problem of the country. It is one of the greatest achievements of Naic because the other towns followed suit. <N> Una indigestin de plstico mat al cachalote Imagen del cachalote encontrado muerto cerca de Cabo de Palos el 27 de febrero. / CARM El cetceo varado en Cabo de Palos tena en el estmago 29 kilos de residuos: redes, bolsas, sacos de rafia, cabos y un bidn MIGUEL NGEL RUIZ Jueves, 5 abril 2018, 11:05 La necropsia del cachalote encontrado muerto el 27 de febrero pasado cerca del faro de Cabo de Palos es un reflejo tan veraz como cruel de las agresiones cotidianas a los ocanos: el cetceo, un macho joven de casi diez metros y ms de seis toneladas de peso, tena en el estmago y el intestino 29 kilos de residuos: bolsas de basura, sacos de rafia, trozos de redes, cabos e incluso un bidn. Un men que el soberbio animal no pudo digerir y que presumiblemente le caus la muerte, segn los expertos del Centro de Recuperacin de Fauna Silvestre El Valle que analizaron sus restos. En lugar de morir de viejo despus de una vida plena comiendo calamares, el cachalote acab sus das en la costa de la Regin de Murcia a causa de una peritonitis o por una impactacin del aparato digestivo ante la imposibilidad de expulsar la basura marina que alguien arroj al mar. Residuos de plstico que tena en el estmago y el intestino. / CARM Este ejemplo reciente ha servido a la Consejera de Cultura, Turismo y Medio Ambiente para lanzar una campaa de concienciacin sobre el peligro de las basuras marinas para la fauna, enfocada a reducir el consumo de plsticos y evitar el abandono de residuos en el medio natural. La asociacin Ambiente Europeo, bajo la direccin de la Oficina de Impulso Socioeconmico del Medio Ambiente (OISMA) del Gobierno regional, desarrollar las acciones, cofinanciadas con fondos europeos Feder, que consistirn en once limpiezas de playas y diecinueve charlas y presentaciones audiovisuales en centros educativos y sociales. Las recogidas de residuos se realizarn con la metodologa de la organizacin internacional Ocean Conservancy, que consiste en la anotacin de cada residuo en una ficha para conocer el tipo de basura marina y la cantidad que se recoge en cada espacio, informacin que permite actuar en origen. Medio Ambiente lanza una campaa para alertar sobre el peligro de las basuras marinas Ambiente Europeo, que dirige desde Murcia el abogado Daniel Rolleri, desarrolla desde hace aos campaas contra las basuras marinas tanto en las costas de la Regin como en otros puntos de Espaa. Esta asociacin ha conseguido la implicacin de la prestigiosa fotgrafa Isabel Muoz -dos World Press Photo, Premio Nacional de Fotografa 2016 y Medalla al Mrito en las Bellas Artes-, que est dedicando su serie 'Agua' a esta lacra con imgenes tomadas en ocanos de todo el planeta, algunas de ellas en la costa de guilas y Lorca. Con esta campaa se intenta reducir la contaminacin en los Lugares de Importancia Comunitaria (LIC) Mar Menor y Franja Litoral Sumergida. Un valioso medio marino en el que viven especies como el delfn mular, listado y comn, el caldern gris y comn, el cachalote y el rorcual comn. Adems de estos cetceos, tambin sufre especialmente la presencia de plsticos la tortuga boba, especie prioritaria que ha aumentado los intentos de anidacin en la costa murciana. Una de las mayores amenazas para la fauna silvestre La directora general de Medio Natural, Consuelo Rosauro, recuerda que la presencia de plsticos en mares y ocanos es una de las mayores amenazas para la conservacin de la fauna silvestre en todo el mundo, ya que muchos animales quedan atrapados entre la basura o ingieren grandes cantidades de plsticos que acaban provocando su muerte. Y la Regin de Murcia no es ajena a este problema que debemos atajar a travs de acciones de limpieza y, sobre todo, de concienciacin de los ciudadanos. La responsable de Medio Natural explica que esta actuacin de concienciacin ambiental que se realiza en todo el litoral de la Regin se complementa con otras acciones de voluntariado llevadas a cabo anteriormente en Marina de Cope (guilas y Lorca). Acciones desarrolladas tambin con la asociacin Ambiente Europeo y en colaboracin con colectivos locales como la asociacin Marina de Cope para el Turismo Activo y Sostenible. <N> A sperm whale found dead on the southern coast of Spain was killed by the 29 kilos of plastic in its stomach, authorities say. During an autopsy on the 10-metre long marine mammal, experts found plastic bags, fragments of nets and ropes and a jerry can. The body of the young male was found on a beach at Cabo de Palos in Murcia in February. Experts from the El Valle Wildlife Recovery Center who analysed the remains, concluded the whale had died because its digestive system became blocked and it was unable to expel the plastic it had swallowed. This caused the whale to develop peritonitis, an infection of the abdomen, which ultimately led to its death. The finding has prompted the regional ministry of culture, tourism and environment to launch an awareness campaign on the danger of marine litter for wildlife. The presence of plastics in seas and oceans is one of the greatest threats to the conservation of wildlife throughout the world, since many animals are trapped in the trash or ingest large amounts of plastics that end up causing their death, said Consuelo Rosauro, director-general of the natural environment in the Murcian government. The region of Murcia is no stranger to this problem, which we must tackle through clean-up actions and, above all, citizen awareness. A recent report for the UK government concluded the amount of plastic in the worlds oceans is set to treble within a decade. While scientists are still unsure about the extent of the harm to marine ecosystems caused by the huge quantities of plastic circulating the worlds oceans, many animals have been documented eating and becoming tangled in plastic. Other whales have previously been found washed up with stomachs full of plastic, and a study released in February concluded tiny fragments of plastic termed microplastics pose a major threat to whales and sharks. Blue Planet II brought these issues to the worlds attention with heart-breaking footage that appeared to show whales dying as a result of exposure to plastic pollution. A recent report from the Centre for Environment, Fisheries and Aquaculture Science (Cefas) suggested the number of plastic bags in UK waters had decreased as a direct result of measures to tackle plastic waste. A 5p charge added to all carrier bags has been credited with driving a 80 per cent drop in their use across the country. It is encouraging to see that efforts by all of society, whether the public, industry, NGOs or government to reduce plastic bags are having an effect, said Dr Thomas Maes, a marine litter scientist at Cefas. <N> A post-mortem on 13 sperm whales that washed ashore near the town of Toenning in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, found plastic in their stomachs. The whales likely died of cardiac and circulatory failure from starvation, however, not via the rubbish in their intestines. Still, the stomach contents  which include a 13-meter-long (43-foot-long) fishermans net and a 70-centimeter (28-inch) piece of plastic from a car  are stark reminders of the environmental impact of human trash. These findings show us the results of our plastic orientated society, Schleswig-Holstein environment Minister Robert Habeck told the Daily Mail. Animals inadvertently consume plastic and plastic waste which causes them to suffer and at worst, causes them to starve with full stomachs. All the whales were male, between the age of 10 and 15, and weighed around 15 tonnes (16 tons)  a gaunt weight considering sperm whales typically weigh 32 to 41 tonnes (35 to 45 tons). Experts believe that storms in the northeast Atlantic shifted the whales food source into the North Sea. Guided by their hungry stomachs, the whales followed the calamari and found themselves stranded in shallow water. A photo posted by Robert Habeck (@robert.habeck) on Mar 23, 2016 at 7:49am PDT A man holds some of the trash found in the sperm whales' stomachs. <N> Pottwale verirrten sich in die Nordsee um SH. Warum? Diese Frage beschftigt seitdem Experten und Laien. von dpa/shz.de 23. Mrz 2016, 08:33 Uhr Tnning | 13 Wale sind seit Anfang des Jahres an der Nordseekste Schleswig-Holsteins gestrandet - sie starben an Herz-Kreislauf-Versagen. Vier von ihnen hatten zudem teils groe Mengen Plastikmll in ihren Mgen. Experten stellten am Mittwoch in Tnning (Kreis Nordfriesland) ihre Analysen vor. An der Nordseekste waren im Januar immer wieder tote Wale angesplt worden. Insgesamt waren es 30 in der Nordsee - nicht nur in Schleswig-Holstein, sondern auch in Niedersachsen, den Niederlanden, in Grobritannien. In den vergangenen Wochen hatten Wissenschaftler einer Auenstelle der Tierrztlichen Hochschule Hannover in Bsum, des Kieler Geomar Helmholtz-Zentrums fr Ozeanforschung und der Nationalparkverwaltung die Kadaver zerlegt und untersucht. An der Vorstellung ihrer Befunde nimmt auch Schleswig-Holsteins Umweltminister Robert Habeck (Grne) teil. Die Pottwale waren im Januar und Februar an Schleswig-Holsteins Nordseekste gestrandet. Professor Ursula Siebert, Leiterin des Instituts fr Terrestrische und Aquatische Wildtierforschung der Stiftung Tierrztlichen Hochschule Hannover (ITAW), hatte die Pottwale anschlieend mit ihrem Team eingehend untersucht. Alle Tiere waren junge, noch nicht geschlechtsreife Bullen, 10 bis 15 Jahre alt und 12 bis 18 Tonnen schwer. Sie waren allesamt in einem guten Gesundheits- und Ernhrungszustand. Das zur Orientierung wichtige Gehr der Tiere zeigte keine Anzeichen fr ein schweres akustisches Trauma und der Befall in den verschiedenen Organen mit Parasiten war altersentsprechend normal. Alle Tiere waren ins Flachwasser des Wattenmeeres geraten. Dort bei ablaufendem Wasser auf dem Grund liegend, drckte das Gewicht ihres Krpers ihre Blutgefe, die Lunge und andere Organe zusammen, sodass die Tiere an akutem Herz-Kreislauf-Versagen starben. <blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-captioned data-instgrm-version="6" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAAGFBMVEUiIiI9PT0eHh4gIB4hIBkcHBwcHBwcHBydr+JQAAAACHRSTlMABA4YHyQsM5jtaMwAAADfSURBVDjL7ZVBEgMhCAQBAf//42xcNbpAqakcM0ftUmFAAIBE81IqBJdS3lS6zs3bIpB9WED3YYXFPmHRfT8sgyrCP1x8uEUxLMzNWElFOYCV6mHWWwMzdPEKHlhLw7NWJqkHc4uIZphavDzA2JPzUDsBZziNae2S6owH8xPmX8G7zzgKEOPUoYHvGz1TBCxMkd3kwNVbU0gKHkx+iZILf77IofhrY1nYFnB/lQPb79drWOyJVa/DAvg9B/rLB4cC+Nqgdz/TvBbBnr6GBReqn/nRmDgaQEej7WhonozjF+Y2I/fZou/qAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div> <p style=" margin:8px 0 0 0; padding:0 4px;"> <a href="_LINKS_ style=" color:#000; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none; word-wrap:break-word;" target="_blank">Im Magen der Pottwale waren: 13m Fischernetz, Motorabdeckung Ford, Eimer und div anderer Mll.#meeresschutz</a></p> <p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;">Ein von Robert Habeck (@robert.habeck) gepostetes Foto am <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2016-03-23T14:49:05+00:00">23. Mr 2016 um 7:49 Uhr</time></p></div></blockquote> <script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script> Zu den in den Mgen gefundenen Mllteilen gehren etwa Reste eines 13 Meter langen und 1,2 Meter breiten Schutznetzes, das in der Krabbenfischerei eingesetzt wird sowie eine 70 Zentimeter lange Plastikabdeckung aus dem Motorraum eines Autos und die scharfkantigen Reste eines Kunststoffeimers. Diese Funde zeigen uns die Auswirkungen unserer Kunststoffgesellschaft: Tiere nehmen unbeabsichtigt Plastik und anderen Kunststoffmll auf, leiden darunter, im schlimmsten Fall verhungern einige bei vollen Mgen. Das ist eine dringende Mahnung, verstrkt gegen Mll im Meer vorzugehen. Schleswig-Holstein wird seine Anstrengungen hierzu intensiv fortsetzen, sagte Umweltminister Robert Habeck. Der Meeresbiologe Uwe Piatkowski vom Geomar Helmholtz-Zentrum glaubt, dass die heftigen Strme im Nordostatlantik im Januar die Tiere in die Nordsee geleitet haben. Strme htten Wassermassen und damit wohl auch Kalmare, die Beute der Wale, nach Sden getrieben. Mit ihnen seien die Pottwale immer weiter in die flachen Gewssern der Nordsee vorgedrungen und dort schlielich gestrandet. Siebert und Piatkowski vermuten, dass die verendeten Wale in der Norwegischen See letztmals gefressen hatten. Die erste Gruppe mit drei Tieren hatte sich vermutlich nur kurz in der Nordsee aufgehalten, die zweite mit zehn Tieren wohl etwas lnger. In einigen ihrer Mgen wurden Knochen und andere berreste von Nordseefischen wie Seeteufel, Kabeljau, Wittling und Seehase gefunden. Die Ursachen dieses gehuften Vorkommens sind nach Aussagen der beiden Wissenschaftler unbekannt. Ungewhnlich hohe Temperaturen und besonders starke Strme, die in den vergangenen Wochen im nrdlichen Nordost-Atlantik registriert wurden, knnten Wassermassen aus der Norwegischen See sdwrts in die Nordsee gedrckt haben - und die Tintenfische mit ihnen. Mglicherweise sind die Pottwale ihrer Hauptnahrung gefolgt und gelangten so, ebenso wie andere Walarten, in die Nordsee. Eine plausible Erklrung, die allerdings nicht bewiesen ist, da derartige kologische Zusammenhnge nur mit groem Aufwand nachzuweisen sind. Siebert und Piatkowski machen allerdings deutlich, dass das Vorkommen von Pottwalen in der Nordsee keiner auergewhnlichen Erklrungen bedarf. Alle wandernden Tierarten kommen gelegentlich auerhalb ihres eigentlichen Verbreitungsgebietes vor. So erschlieen sie sich immer wieder neue Lebensrume und knnen sich an neue Bedingungen anpassen. Pottwalstrandungen seien zudem kein neues Phnomen. Seit dem 16. Jahrhundert sind mehr als 200 Funde an der Nordseekste dokumentiert, darunter 21 Tiere, die 1723 in der Elbmndung bei Neuwerk strandeten. Von Mittwoch an informiert im Multimar Wattforum in Tnning eine Ausstellung ber die Strandung, Bergung und Untersuchung der Tiere. <N>  Without intervention soon, the amount of plastic littering the world's oceans is expected to triple within a decade, a new UK government report warns. The "Foresight Future of the Sea" report from the UK Government Office for Science said our oceans have seen "unprecedented change as a result of direct human activity and climate change." It identified the rise of plastic in oceans, along with rising temperatures and sea levels and chemical pollution, as some of the biggest problems the marine environment faces. The report found that 70% of marine litter is non-degradable plastic which is projected to increase threefold between 2015 and 2025. Experts suggested the government needed to be more strategic in its approach to the sea in order to successfully halt some of the long-term pollution issues. JUST WATCHED Can we save our oceans from plastic? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can we save our oceans from plastic? 03:57 Read More <N> The video will start in 8 Cancel Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email This is the amazing video of a sunbather showing off her lightning quick reflexes as she grabs an attacking cobra around it's neck. Or does she? The internet was left baffled by this particular footage, which appeared to show the snake charging up from the river as two terrified dogs looked on from the banking. But as the angry-looking cobra approaches the girl, she sits up, grabs it around the neck and throws it back towards the water. But eagle-eyed viewers were quick to notice the shadow of what appeared to be a fishing rod, reeling the snake in on a line. (Image: YouTube) One YouTube user wrote: "So fake, they don't move that fast, snakes don't move in a straight line. You can see the fishing pole." Another added: "You can see the shadow from the fishing rod that is moving it. But nice prank had it worked." The video was filmed at the Silverstrand Golf Estate in Roberston, South Africa on Christmas Eve. (Image: YouTube) Later, the filmmaker admitted that the whole thing was just a prank. He said: "Yes, it as pulled via a fishing rod with fluorocarbon line. "My brother and I were trying to scare my sister into running but it seems that she was prepared. I grew up catching snakes along that river and she would sometimes join me." (Image: YouTube) "She did not handle it as we expected her to, very much impressed," he added. Read more: It won't s-s-s-start - stunned driver discovers four and half foot SNAKE under car bonnet The video was filmed at the Silverstrand Golf Estate in Roberston, South Africa on Christmas Eve. It was shared on YouTube later that day and has clocked up more than 78,500 views . <N> Somehow, between the leather jacket and the immaculate sleeping bag, we think the Terminator star is doing OK. "You're our friend," then-Mayor Michael B. Coleman told Schwarzenegger at the dedication in October 2014. "We want to memorialize that forever in front of our convention center." Whether that extended to include an invitation to camp out anytime... The actor is actually in town shooting 478, based on a true story about the aftermath of the July 2002 midair crash of two planes in Germany. Schwarzenegger plays a man whose wife and kids were aboard one of the jets. Apparently Schwarzenegger had a say in where the movie was shot, because when local news outlets reported that the production was coming to Ohio, officials said the star chose Columbus because of his longtime love for the city. But the least they could do is put him up in a hotel. You'd never catch Sylvester Stallone napping on the Rocky steps in Philadelphia! (But if you do, please send pics.) <N> Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says his namesake sports festival will stay in Ohio's capital city despite offers to move it elsewhere. The movie star made the comments Monday during a rededication ceremony for a statue of him in his bodybuilding prime. The sculpture was first unveiled in 2012 to commemorate Schwarzenegger's commitment to Columbus, where the Arnold Sports Festival is held each year. Earlier this month, workers had to move the 8-foot, 600-pound bronze structure from its original location near the Franklin County Veterans Memorial in preparation for the facility's demolition. Ohio Gov. John Kasich and Columbus Mayor Michael Coleman joined Schwarzenegger in welcoming the statue to its new site outside the city's downtown convention center. Coleman says the city wants to memorialize Schwarzenegger's friendship with Columbus. <N> In California, he is the 64-year-old ex-governator, well past his bodybuilding prime, off the political stage, and shadowed by his affair with a maid and his split with his wife, Maria Shriver. But in Columbus, Ohio, Arnold Schwarzenegger is a youthful, larger-than-life bronze muscled iconand the talk of the town. On Friday, an 8-foot-4, 580-pound bronze statue of Mr. Schwarzenegger was unveiled outside the Franklin County Veterans Memorial to kick off the city's 24th annual weeklong sports competition starring Mr. Schwarzenegger, the Arnold Sports Festival. The statue depicts a young Mr. Schwarzenegger at the peak of his bodybuilding career, his hair flowing and muscles bulging in a competitive pose. Donated to the city by a Chicago doctor and Schwarzenegger friend, the figure stands on the front lawn of Veterans Memorial, with a ring of lights to be installed around the base to illuminate it at night. After a first oversize Arnold statue was unveiled last year at an Austrian museum dedicated to Mr. Schwarzenegger's life, hosts and organizers of Columbus's Arnold Sports Festival approached Mr. Schwarzenegger about getting a duplicate for Veterans Memorial, the convention and concert center that hosts the festival. Both the Austrian and Columbus statues are based on a 22-inch statuette of Mr. Schwarzenegger created in 1979 by Idaho artist Ralph Crawford. Mr. Schwarzenegger hired Mr. Crawford to sculpt the statuette. Mr. Schwarzenegger, then a 32-year-old bodybuilding champion, chose the stance for the statue based on a competitive pose he perfected. Artist Timothy Parks Mr. Schwarzenegger posed for Mr. Crawford for several days in a studio, flexing while Mr. Crawford took photos and measurements to get exact proportions. Mr. Crawford made a clay mold and after some tweaks, Mr. Schwarzenegger approved it. Eventually, Mr. Schwarzenegger bought the rights to the statuette from Mr. Crawford so he could have copies made to be used as trophies in bodybuilding contests. Mr. Crawford said he later created a 4-foot-tall version of the statuette for Mr. Schwarzenegger's home. Mr. Schwarzenegger then commissioned an 8-foot-tall version after the Austrian museum approached him about acquiring a prominent statue for display in the country of his birth. Mr. Crawford obliged, sculpting a larger clay model of his statuette that artist Timothy Parks then molded to recreate the bronze statue at a foundry in Oregon. Mr. Parks is a Schwarzenegger fan whose voice-mail message is a takeoff on a famous line from "The Terminator": "I'll be back." (Mr. Parks said he had that message on his phone even before he got the Arnold job). He assembled the sculpture and then rubbed in a bronze patina to highlight and define the musculature. The Columbus statue "is recognition of what Arnold has done in this community over 42 years," said Jim Lorimer, who has been promoting sports events with Mr. Schwarzenegger since the 1970s. Mr. Schwarzenegger's relationship with Columbus began in 1970, when Mr. Lorimer, a local sports promoter, persuaded the bodybuilding champion, then 23 years old, to travel to the city for the new Mr. World competition. Mr. Lorimer and Mr. Schwarzenegger became partners in promoting bodybuilding competitions. As Mr. Schwarzenegger became a big movie star, the Columbus event grew well beyond bodybuilding. Now, the event attracts 18,000 athletes competing across the city in everything from gymnastics to archery. It draws 175,000 attendees and generates $42 million for the local economy, according to the city's visitors' bureau. Mr. Schwarzenegger, who has returned to acting, hasn't missed a year of the festival, even as California's governor, flying into Columbus to judge events, host fund-raisers for after-school fitness programs and dine at an Italian chain with his equally statuesque actor friend Sylvester Stallone. A famous statue of Mr. Stallone, as Rocky Balboa, stands outside the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The Arnold statue is "fahn-taah-steek," said self-professed "hard-core Arnold fan" and Columbus native Ryan Gillen. "It shows how much Columbus means to him, and how much he means to Columbus." "We're hoping this will become our Rocky statue and surpass the level of the Rocky statue," said Scott Peacock of the city's visitors bureau. Mr. Peacock is betting inventive Ohioans will try to clothe Mr. Schwarzenegger to keep him warm during the winter. "It won't be long before someone puts a hat or scarf on him, or maybe even a fur, like Conan [the Barbarian]." Not everyone is enthusiastic. "Can we trade Philly for their Rocky statue? We'd rather have that," said Elizabeth Lessner, who lives in Columbus and owns five restaurants there. She thinks Columbus is an ill-chosen home for the figure. "We don't dress in tiny shorts and flex. That's Florida or California," she said. 'Can we trade Philly for their Rocky statue? We'd rather have that.' Elizabeth Lessner Ms. Lessner said she and other business people are grateful for the boost from the Arnold event, but chefs around town "kind of groan when the Arnold people come in. All they order are like seven chicken breasts and a side of steamed broccoli. It's a tough time for us culinary-wise." Some war veterans object to the statue's location. "He doesn't deserve a statue of him in front of a veterans' memorial. He is not a U.S. veteran, period," said Hugh Berry III, a U.S. Navy and Marine veteran who served during Vietnam and the first Persian Gulf War. Mr. Berry, adjutant of VFW Post 4931 outside Columbus, said he's a fan of Mr. Schwarzenegger's movies and admires his support of veterans. "I love the man dearly," Mr. Berry said, adding he once met Mr. Schwarzenegger at a welcome-home event for Persian Gulf veterans in California. Still, he and about 200 other VFW members signed a petition against the placement of Mr. Schwarzenegger's statue. Mr. Schwarzenegger's supporters note that as an actor and politician he has supported veterans, donating money to causes, and visiting wounded soldiers. The Arnold statue was a "business decision" that "will add to the curb appeal" of the memorial grounds, said John P. Raphael, chairman of the Veterans Memorial Board of Trustees. Through a spokesman, Mr. Schwarzenegger said when he compares himself today to the youthful the statue, he wonders "what happened." At the unveiling Friday, the flesh and blood Mr. Schwarzenegger215 pounds and 6-foot-1stood in a charcoal gray suit and red-striped tie, next to his larger-than-life, nearly naked bronze. The figure is based on his 32-year-old self, when he was 235 pounds and measured half an inch taller. In a speech before the unveiling, Mr. Schwarzenegger said he was proud to have his statue at a veterans' memorial. "No country, no dictatorship, no empire, no feudal system has ever been as powerful and as important as the United States, and it is all because of the brave men and women who fought," he said to a cheering crowd. "Thank you very much and I'll be back." Write to Tamara Audi at _EMAIL_ <N> Overview Junctional epidermolysis bullosa Junctional epidermolysis bullosa Epidermolysis bullosa (ep-ih-dur-MOL-uh-sis buhl-LOE-sah) is a group of rare diseases that cause fragile, blistering skin. The blisters may appear in response to minor injury, even from heat, rubbing, scratching or adhesive tape. In severe cases, the blisters may occur inside the body, such as the lining of the mouth or the stomach. Most types of epidermolysis bullosa are inherited. The condition usually shows up in infancy or early childhood. Some people don't develop signs and symptoms until adolescence or early adulthood. Epidermolysis bullosa has no cure, though mild forms may improve with age. Treatment focuses on caring for blisters and preventing new ones. Symptoms Epidermolysis bullosa signs and symptoms vary depending on type. They include: Fragile skin that blisters easily, especially on the hands and feet Nails that are thick or don't form Blisters inside the mouth and throat Thickened skin on the palms and soles of the feet Scalp blistering, scarring and hair loss (scarring alopecia) Thin-appearing skin (atrophic scarring) Tiny white skin bumps or pimples (milia) Dental problems, such as tooth decay from poorly formed enamel Difficulty swallowing (dysphagia) Itchy, painful skin Epidermolysis bullosa blisters may not appear until a toddler first begins to walk or until an older child begins new physical activities that trigger more intense friction on the feet. When to see a doctor Contact your doctor if you or your child develops blisters, particularly if you don't know the reason for them. For infants, severe blistering can be life-threatening. Seek immediate medical care if you or your child: Has problems swallowing Has problems breathing Shows signs of infection, such as warm, red, painful or swollen skin, pus, or a foul odor from a sore, and fever or chills Causes Basement membrane zone Basement membrane zone Autosomal dominant inheritance pattern Autosomal dominant inheritance pattern Autosomal recessive inheritance pattern Autosomal recessive inheritance pattern Epidermolysis bullosa simplex Epidermolysis bullosa simplex Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa Epidermolysis bullosa is usually inherited. The disease gene may be passed on from one parent who has the disease (autosomal dominant inheritance). Or it may be passed on from both parents (autosomal recessive inheritance) or arise as a new mutation in the affected person that can be passed on. The skin is made up of an outer layer (epidermis) and an underlying layer (dermis). The area where the layers meet is called the basement membrane. The various types of epidermolysis bullosa are largely defined by which layer the blisters form in. The main types of epidermolysis bullosa are: Epidermolysis bullosa simplex. This is the most common form. It develops in the outer layer of skin and mainly affects the palms and the feet. The blisters usually heal without scarring. This is the most common form. It develops in the outer layer of skin and mainly affects the palms and the feet. The blisters usually heal without scarring. Junctional epidermolysis bullosa. This type may be severe, with blisters beginning in infancy. A baby with this condition may develop a hoarse-sounding cry from continual blistering and scarring of the vocal cords. This type may be severe, with blisters beginning in infancy. A baby with this condition may develop a hoarse-sounding cry from continual blistering and scarring of the vocal cords. Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa. This type is related to a flaw in the gene that helps produce a type of collagen that provides strength to the pig-skinlike dermis layer of the skin. If this substance is missing or doesn't function, the layers of the skin won't join properly. Risk factors Having a family history of epidermolysis bullosa is the major risk factor for developing the disorder. Complications Complications of epidermolysis bullosa may include: Infection. Blistering skin is vulnerable to bacterial infection. Blistering skin is vulnerable to bacterial infection. Sepsis. Sepsis occurs when bacteria from a massive infection enter the bloodstream and spread throughout the body. Sepsis is a rapidly progressing, life-threatening condition that can cause shock and organ failure. Sepsis occurs when bacteria from a massive infection enter the bloodstream and spread throughout the body. Sepsis is a rapidly progressing, life-threatening condition that can cause shock and organ failure. Fusion of fingers and changes in the joints. Severe forms of epidermolysis bullosa can cause fusion of fingers or toes and abnormal bending of joints (contractures). This can affect the function of the fingers, knees and elbows. Severe forms of epidermolysis bullosa can cause fusion of fingers or toes and abnormal bending of joints (contractures). This can affect the function of the fingers, knees and elbows. Problems with nutrition. Blisters in the mouth can make eating difficult and lead to malnutrition and anemia (such as low iron levels in the blood). Problems with nutrition can also cause delayed wound healing and, in children, slowed growth. Blisters in the mouth can make eating difficult and lead to malnutrition and anemia (such as low iron levels in the blood). Problems with nutrition can also cause delayed wound healing and, in children, slowed growth. Constipation. Difficulty passing stool may be due to painful blisters in the anal area. It can also be caused by not ingesting enough liquids or high-fiber foods, such as fruits and vegetables. Difficulty passing stool may be due to painful blisters in the anal area. It can also be caused by not ingesting enough liquids or high-fiber foods, such as fruits and vegetables. Dental problems. Tooth decay and problems with tissues inside the mouth are common with some types of epidermolysis bullosa. Tooth decay and problems with tissues inside the mouth are common with some types of epidermolysis bullosa. Skin cancer. Adolescents and adults with certain types of epidermolysis bullosa are at high risk of developing a type of skin cancer known as squamous cell carcinoma. Adolescents and adults with certain types of epidermolysis bullosa are at high risk of developing a type of skin cancer known as squamous cell carcinoma. Death. Infants with a severe form of junctional epidermolysis bullosa are at high risk of infections and loss of body fluids from widespread blistering. Their survival also may be threatened because of blistering, which may hamper their ability to eat and breathe. Many of these infants die in childhood. Prevention It's not possible to prevent epidermolysis bullosa. But you can take steps to help prevent blisters and infection. <N> Epidermolysis bullosa is a group of genetic conditions that cause the skin to be very fragile and to blister easily. Blisters and skin erosions form in response to minor injury or friction, such as rubbing or scratching. Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa (DEB) is one of the major forms of epidermolysis bullosa. The signs and symptoms of this condition vary widely among affected individuals. In mild cases, blistering may primarily affect the hands, feet, knees, and elbows. Severe cases of this condition involve widespread blistering that can lead to vision loss, disfigurement, and other serious medical problems. Researchers classify dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa into three major types. Although the types differ in severity, their features overlap significantly and they are caused by mutations in the same gene. Autosomal recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, Hallopeau-Siemens type (RDEB-HS) is the most severe, classic form of the condition. Affected infants are typically born with widespread blistering and areas of missing skin, often caused by trauma during birth. Most often, blisters are present over the whole body and affect mucous membranes such as the moist lining of the mouth and digestive tract. As the blisters heal, they result in severe scarring. Scarring in the mouth and esophagus can make it difficult to chew and swallow food, leading to chronic malnutrition and slow growth. Additional complications of progressive scarring can include fusion of the fingers and toes, loss of fingernails and toenails, joint deformities (contractures) that restrict movement, and eye inflammation leading to vision loss. Additionally, young adults with the classic form of dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa have a very high risk of developing a form of skin cancer called , which tends to be unusually aggressive and is often life-threatening. A second type of autosomal recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa is known as the non-Hallopeau-Siemens type (non-HS RDEB). This form of the condition is somewhat less severe than the classic type and includes a range of subtypes. Blistering is limited to the hands, feet, knees, and elbows in mild cases, but may be widespread in more severe cases. Affected people often have malformed fingernails and toenails. Non-HS RDEB involves scarring in the areas where blisters occur, but this form of the condition does not cause the severe scarring characteristic of the classic type. The third major type of dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa is known as the autosomal dominant type (DDEB). The signs and symptoms of this condition tend to be milder than those of the autosomal recessive forms, with blistering often limited to the hands, feet, knees, and elbows. The blisters heal with scarring, but it is less severe. Most affected people have malformed fingernails and toenails, and the nails may be lost over time. In the mildest cases, abnormal nails are the only sign of the condition. <N> A doena A Epidermlise Bolhosa  uma doena gentica, causa o aparecimento de bolhas nas reas de maior atrito e nas mucosas, alm de leses profundas semelhantes s de queimaduras. Possveis m formao dentria, enfraquecimento e lesionamento das unhas e tambm queda de cabelo. H comprometimento generalizado, como anemia e retardo de crescimento. Devido  fragilidade da pele e formao de bolhas, pode haver infeco secundria. A causa da epidermlise bolhosa est relacionada a mudanas genticas, que geram defeitos na juno das clulas despregando as camadas de pele, dentre outros sintomas. Dificuldades O Lukinhas sofre muito com a doena para a qual no existe cura, apenas tratamento para alvio temporrio dos sintomas e sinais da doena que afeta tambm afeta boca e esfago, apresentando um quadro de desnutrio responsvel pela baixa imunidade do seu corpo, o que quando agravado, requer transfuso de sangue imediata. Precisa sempre de curativos, e  obrigado a receber tratamento mdico de diferentes reas. As bolhas causam feridas profundas causando muitas dores. Para isso  necessrio o uso de diversos medicamentos e a aplicao constante de uma pomada importada (CUREFINI) para alvio das leses e dores, que custa U$ 30,00 (trinta dlares) cada pote. O Lukinhas necessita da utilizao de 09 (nove) potes por dia, o que totaliza uma mdia de 270 (duzentos e setenta) potes mensais, precisando que a sua famlia disponha mensalmente de U$ 8.100,00 (oito mil e cem dlares), o equivalente a R$ 29.160,00 (vinte e nove mil, cento e sessenta reais), para os curativos da criana. Menino forte e guerreiro, desde pequeno j luta muito por sua vida, Mas apesar disso, est sempre com os olhos brilhando e um grande sorriso no rosto. Adora estudar, brincar e fazer novos amigos, alm de possuir enorme carisma. A famlia do Lukinhas, no tem condies de arcar com as despesas para os tratamentos que a criana necessita para viver e depende da solidariedade, atravs de ajuda e doaes de amigos e simpatizantes  sua histria. <N> Ermine, (Mustela erminea), also called stoat, short-tailed weasel, or Bonaparte weasel, northern weasel species in the genus Mustela, family Mustelidae. The species is called ermine especially during its winter white colour phase. The animals pelt was used historically in royal robes in Europe, and the term ermine also refers to the animals white coat, sold in the fur trade. Widely distributed across northern North America and Eurasia, ermines are most abundant in thickets, woodlands, and semi-timbered areas. These slender, agile, voracious mammals measure 13 to 29 cm (5 to 12 inches) in head and body length, have a tail length of 5 to 12 cm, and weigh less than 0.3 kg (0.7 pound). Females are smaller than males, and members of northern populations are smaller than their southern counterparts. Ermines feed on small mammals, birds, eggs, frogs, and occasional invertebrates. Small prey is seized at the base of the skull, larger prey by the throat. The litter contains 3 to 13 young, born after a gestation prolonged as much as 10 months because of delayed implantation in the wall of the uterus. In summer the ermine is brown, with a whitish throat, chest, and belly. In colder climates the winter coat is white, except for the black tail tip. In moderately cold climates the fur becomes only partly white. The winter-taken pelts, prized for fineness and pure colour, are among the most valuable of commercial furs and are obtained mainly in northern Eurasia. During the reign of Edward III (132777) of England, the wearing of ermine was restricted to members of the royal family. Thereafter, state robes were constructed in such a way that in many cases the rank and position of the wearer could be determined by the presence or absence or disposition of the black spots. <N> Skywatcher Shawn Malone took this photo of the aurora March 15-16, 2012. She writes: "[A]urora activity picking up casts a bright reflection off of Lake Superior, Marquette, MI." The northern lights, or aurora borealis, offer an entrancing, dramatic, magical display that fascinates all who see it  but just what causes this dazzling natural phenomenon? At the center of our solar system lies the sun, the yellow star that sustains life on our planet. The sun's many magnetic fields distort and twist as our parent star rotates on its axis. When these fields become knotted together, they burst and create so-called sunspots. Usually, these sunspots occur in pairs; the largest can be several times the size of Earth's diameter. This image from NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory shows the sun as it appeared in extreme ultraviolet wavelengths on March 5, 2012 just after a major solar flare. Credit: NASA/SDO/AIA At the center of the sun, the temperature is 27 million degrees Fahrenheit (15 million degrees Celsius). As the temperature on its surface rises and falls, the sun boils and bubbles. Particles escape from the star from the sunspot regions on the surface, hurtling particles of plasma, known as solar wind, into space. It takes these winds around 40 hours to reach Earth. When they do, they can cause the dramatic displays known as the aurora borealis. [Infographics: How the Northern Lights Work & Anatomy of Sun Storms & Solar Flares] Auroras occur not only on Earth, but also on other worlds in our solar system (and perhaps exoplanets as well). The gas giants in our solar system (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune) each have thick atmospheres and strong magnetic fields, and each have auroras  although these auroras are a little different from Earth's, given they are formed under different conditions. Venus has an aurora generated by its stretched-out magnetic field (a "magnetotail"). Mars, which has too thin an atmosphere for global auroras, experiences local auroras due to magnetic fields in the crust. NASA's MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution) spacecraft also found widespread northern hemisphere auroras generated by energetic particles striking the Martian atmosphere. The sunspots and solar storms that cause the most magnificent displays of the northern lights occur roughly every 11 years. The solar cycle peaked in 2013, but it was the weakest solar maximum in a century. [Photos: Amazing Auroras of 2014] "This solar cycle continues to rank among the weakest on record," Ron Turner of Analytic Services, Inc. who serves as a Senior Science Advisor to NASA's Innovative Advanced Concepts program, said in a statement. Since record-keeping of the ebb and flow of the sun's activity began in 1749, there have been 22 full cycles. Researchers monitor space weather events because they have the potential to affect spacecraft in orbit, knock out power grids and communications infrastructure on Earth, and amp up normal displays of the northern and southern lights. Scientists are also investigating how fluctuations in the sun's activity affect weather on our planet. Earth is constantly bombarded with debris, radiation and other magnetic waves from space that could threaten the future of life as we know it. Most of the time, the planet's own magnetic field does an excellent job of deflecting these potentially harmful rays and particles, including those from the sun. Particles discharged from the sun travel 93 million miles (around 150 million km) toward Earth before they are drawn irresistibly toward the magnetic north and south poles. As the particles pass through the Earth's magnetic shield, they mingle with atoms and molecules of oxygen, nitrogen and other elements that result in the dazzling display of lights in the sky. An Expedition 30 crew member took this photo of the North Atlantic with an aurora on March 28, 2012. Credit: NASA The auroras in Earth's Northern Hemisphere are called the aurora borealis. Their southern counterpart, which light up the Antarctic skies in the Southern Hemisphere, are known as the aurora australis. The colors most often associated with the aurora borealis are pink, green, yellow, blue, violet, and occasionally orange and white. Typically, when the particles collide with oxygen, yellow and green are produced. Interactions with nitrogen produce red, violet, and occasionally blue colors. The type of collision also makes a difference to the colors that appear in the sky: atomic nitrogen causes blue displays, while molecular nitrogen results in purple. The colors are also affected by altitude. The green lights typically in areas appear up to 150 miles (241 km) high, red above 150 miles; blue usually appears at up to 60 miles (96.5 km); and purple and violet above 60 miles. These lights may manifest as a static band of light, or, when the solar flares are particularly strong, as a dancing curtain of ever-changing color. For millennia, the lights have been the source of speculation, superstition and awe. Cave paintings in France thought to date back 30,000 years have illustrations of the natural phenomenon. In more superstitious times, the northern lights were thought to be a harbinger of war or destruction, before people really understood what causes them. Many classic philosophers, authors and astronomers, including Aristotle, Descartes, Goethe and Halley, refer to the northern lights in their work. As early as 1616, the astronomer Galileo Galilei used the name aurora borealis to describe them, taking the name of the mythical Roman goddess of the dawn, Aurora, and the Greek name for wind of the north, Boreas. The aurora australis, or the southern lights, occur around the south polar region. But, since the South Pole is even more inhospitable than the North Pole, it is often trickier to view the southern lights. Astrophotographer Antti Pietikinen took this aurora photo on Jan. 24, 2012 in Muonio, Lapland, Finland. Credit: Antti Pietikainen The best places to see the northern lights are Alaska and northern Canada, but visiting these vast, open expanses is not always easy. Norway, Sweden and Finland also offer excellent vantage points. During periods of particularly active solar flares, the lights can be seen as far south as the top of Scotland and even northern England. [A Guide for Watching Earth's Auroras] On rare occasions, the lights are seen farther south. They were first observed by European settlers in New England in 1791. In "Historical Storms of New England," published in 1891, Sidney Perley wrote, "May 15, 1719, the more beautiful and brilliant aurora borealis was first observed here as far as any record or tradition of that period inform us, and it is said that in England it was first noticed only three years before this date. In December of the same year the aurora again appeared, and the people became greatly alarmed, not dreading it so much as a means of destruction but as precursor of the fires of the last great day and a sign of coming dangers." The northern lights are always present, but winter is usually the best time to see them, due to lower levels of light pollution and the clear, crisp air. September, October, March and April are some of the best months to view the aurora borealis. The lights are known to be brighter and more active for up to two days after sunspot activity is at its highest. Several agencies, such as NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, also monitor solar activity and issue aurora alerts when they are expected to put on a particularly impressive show. Additional reporting by Elizabeth Howell and Nola Taylor Redd, Space.com contributors Additional resources <N> Note: While we identify the data sets used in these visualizations, we do not store any further details nor the data sets themselves on our site. _LINKS_ >> Electron SVS >> Geomagnetic Field SVS >> Magnetic Fields SVS >> Magnetosphere DLESE >> Space science SVS >> Hyperwall NASA Science >> Earth NASA Science >> Sun GCMD >> Earth Science >> Sun-earth Interactions >> Ionosphere/magnetosphere Dynamics >> Aurorae Olsen, L.M., G. Major, K. Shein, J. Scialdone, S. Ritz, T. Stevens, M. Morahan, A. Aleman, R. Vogel, S. Leicester, H. Weir, M. Meaux, S. Grebas, C.Solomon, M. Holland, T. Northcutt, R. A. Restrepo, R. Bilodeau, 2013. NASA/Global Change Master Directory (GCMD) Earth Science Keywords. Version 8.0.0.0.0 <N> This video was taken by the crew of Expedition 29 on board the International Space Station. The sequence of shots was taken October 16, 2011 from 09:07:37 to 09:24:10 GMT, on a pass beginning just south of the Gulf of Alaska in the eastern Pacific Ocean to Central America near the border of Honduras and Nicaragua. The Aurora Borealis is shown near the beginning of the video over Canada as the ISS continues the pass southeast into North America. The first lights seen on the coast of the western United States are those of southern British Columbia, Vancouver Island, and Washington state. The pass continues through the Rocky Mountains, where Denver, Colorado can be easily spotted as a bright cluster of lights amongst many strings of smaller cities. Finally, the pass follows down the central part of the United States, showing the bright cities of Dallas, Texas and Houston, Texas. The lights of oil platforms just south of Louisiana can be spotted as smaller lights in the Gulf of Mexico. The pass ends over the Caribbean Sea. <N> This video was taken by the crew of Expedition 34 on board the International Space Station. The sequence of shots was taken on January 3, 2013 from 11:43:46 to 15:49:31 GMT, on a pass from northwestern Australia, making two complete orbits to eastern Quebec, near the Gulf of St. Lawrence. This fast-paced video features the ISS completing two and a half orbits around the Earth, crossing the terminator line several times in the process. The video begins as the ISS is in darkness, and as the moon rises on the left side of the video, the ISS begins to pass over into daylight. Clouds mostly obscure the view during this first daylight pass with the exception of the Caucasus and Elburz Mountains just before the terminator. The ISS slips back into night as the moon again rises in the left side of the video. As the Station flies back into daylight, the ISS flies over Central America, the Caribbean Sea, and Cuba and Florida before flying over the northern Atlantic Ocean. Most of Western Europe is under cloud, and the first land that can be seen is the Alps Mountains and Croatia. The ISS then passes over the terminator line again into darkness as the moon rises in the left side of the video. As the ISS passes back over into daylight, clouds obscure most of the Earth until near the end of the video, when it passes over the Baja Peninsula and the southwestern United States. <N> Miguel ngel Mancera Espinosa Miguel ngel Mancera Espinosa naci en la Ciudad de Mxico el 16 de enero de 1966. Es un abogado, acadmico y poltico mexicano. Actualmente ocupa el cargo de jefe de Gobierno de la Ciudad de Mxico desde el 5 de diciembre de 2012. Es Doctor en derecho por la Universidad Nacional Autnoma de Mxico. En las elecciones por las que contendi para el cargo de jefe de Gobierno, fue candidato del partido de la izquierda, PRD, y obtuvo ms del 60% de votos. Anteriormente, se desempe como procurador general de Justicia del Distrito Federal, adems de asesor en la Asamblea Legislativa del Distrito Federal, mientras que en la Secretara de Seguridad Pblica del Distrito Federal fue Director de Investigaciones y Procedimientos, Director de Seguimiento de Policas Complementarias, Director Ejecutivo y asesor del Secretario. Asimismo, fue Director Jurdico de la Secretara de Desarrollo Social del Gobierno de la Ciudad de Mxico y Consejero de la Judicatura del Distrito Federal. <N> "Stone Cold" Steve Austin: Bio Proudly raising his middle fingers in the faces of everyone who dared oppose him, "Stone Cold" Steve Austin was the blue-collar warrior for the common man. Clad in jeans and black leather often soaked in beer foam, Austin was defiant, brash and dared anyone to try and tell him what to do. When the signature sound of shattering glass erupted throughout the arena, everyone there knew that it was time to raise hell. And if you happened to be on the receiving end, well, you have our sympathies. Trained by "Gentleman" Chris Adams, Steve Austin broke into the wrestling business in Texas in 1990, as part of the USWA. After a year, he moved on to WCW, where he won the WCW Television Championship under the name "Stunning" Steve Austin. An elbow injury led to his firing from WCW, but Austin found a lifeboat in ECW, and, with the freedom afforded him by Paul Heyman, began crafting a voice that would lead to superstardom in WWE. Austin joined WWE in January 1996 as Ted DiBiase's "Million Dollar Champion." Debuting as "The Ringmaster," he defeated Savio Vega in a forgettable WrestleMania contest. Soon after, "Stone Cold" was born. In June 1996, The Texas Rattlesnake became King of the Ring, defeating Jake Roberts in the tournament final. To cap off the victory, "Stone Cold" delivered a riveting promo, pillorying Roberts and his religious beliefs, and heralding the birth of the Austin 3:16 era. His words gave way to Austin's WWE destiny, ushering in the famed Attitude Era. This violent Superstar would stop at nothing until he reached WWEs top tier, pummeling anyone who got in his way. The first Superstar to butt heads with the new, meaner Austin was Bret Hart. Their rivalry reached its apex at WrestleMania 13 in a Submission Match. Austin was not the technical wunderkind that Hart was, but matched the mat general strike for strike in front of the Rosemont crowd. But the moment that separated Austin from his peers in the locker room came at the end of the match. "Stone Cold" was nearly broken, trapped in Harts Sharpshooter. But he refused to submit, and as seconds ticked into minutes, he still would not tap. Referee Ken Shamrock called the match as Austin passed out from the pain with 18,000 people cheering the defeated Superstar. But Austins momentum, and WWE career, nearly halted in a freak injury at 1997s SummerSlam. During a match against Owen Hart, Austin was dropped on his head during a piledriver, fracturing his neck. "Stone Cold" ultimately recovered from the injury and soon began his torrid rise to the top of the WWE heap. Austin took on Superstars such as Bret Hart, Shawn Michaels and The Undertaker, but hes best remembered for his battles against two men  The Rock, and the WWE Chairman himself, Mr. McMahon. The latter rivalry began in late 1997, when Austin, furious at McMahon for stripping him of the Intercontinental Title, delivered a "Stone Cold" Stunner to his boss in front of the Madison Square Garden crowd. It wouldnt be the first time Mr. McMahon tasted Austins leather boot, as the pairs hostile feud epitomized the Attitude Era. The Rock and Austin criss-crossed just as often as Austin and Mr. McMahon. To put the rivalry in perspective, "Stone Cold" and The Rock headlined three WrestleMania pay-per-views together from 1999 to 2003, a feat no other Superstar has ever even come close to accomplishing. The two stars couldnt have been more different, but no two men were ever as popular at the same time as Austin and Rock. Austin retired from in-ring competition at the end of WrestleMania XIX but continued to make memorable WWE appearances, usually at the expense of the McMahons. WWE crowds were never as loud as when that glass shattered and "Stone Cold" made his way to the ring, either in his leather boots, a Zamboni or a beer truck. At the end, his in-ring accomplishments were many: six WWE Championships, two Intercontinental Championships, a record three Royal Rumble victories and Triple Crown Champion credentials. His 2009 induction to the WWE Hall of Fame was a no-brainer. Continue Reading <N> Born Angela Kasner ( Merkel is the name of her first husband ) in West Germany in 1954, her father, an official in the Lutheran Church, moved the family to socialist East Germany just a few weeks after her birthan unusual move, since most Germans who could were fleeing toward the freedom of West Germany. Merkel was the oldest of three children, and grew up on the outskirts of Templin, a small town near the Brandenburg forest. She had an early interest in politicsat fourteen, she secretly listened to radio broadcasts from West German electionsbut pursued science instead, getting a degree in physics and then a doctorate in quantum chemistry. Her East German upbringing, tendency toward caution and scientific training may have shaped her leadership approach as the most powerful woman in Europe. Read More: TIME's 2015 Person of the Year Is Angela Merkel <N> Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Angela Merkel is beginning her fourth term as German Chancellor, an office she's held since 2005. See more photos of her through the years. Hide Caption 1 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel was born in Hamburg, West Germany, in 1954, but she grew up in East Germany. Her father, Horst Kasner, was a Lutheran minister and her mother, Herlind, was an English teacher. Hide Caption 2 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel, left, attends a New Year's Eve party with friends in Berlin in 1972. In 1977, at the age of 23, she married her first husband, Ulrich Merkel. They divorced in 1982, but she kept the name. Hide Caption 3 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel poses with her siblings, Marcus and Irene Kasner. Hide Caption 4 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel visits a children's home during her campaign to become a member of the Bundestag, Germany's parliament, in 1990. Before turning to politics, Merkel had trained as a physicist. She was also a spokeswoman for the "Democratic Awakening," East Germany's opposition movement before reunification. Hide Caption 5 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel A month after being elected to the Bundestag, Merkel was appointed to Germany's Cabinet in January 1991. Chancellor Helmut Kohl named her Minister for Women and Youth. Hide Caption 6 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel looks at Kohl during a conference of the Christian Democratic Union, their political party, in 1991. At the time, Merkel was a deputy chairwoman for the party. Hide Caption 7 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel changed Cabinet positions in 1994, becoming Minister of the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety. Here, she visits a water-control station in Bad Honnef, Germany, in 1995. Hide Caption 8 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel, as the country's leader on environmental issues, irons wrapping paper to show how it can be recycled. Hide Caption 9 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel and Health Minister Horst Seehofer attend a Cabinet meeting in 1995. Hide Caption 10 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel sits in a "strandkorb," or beach basket, in an undated photo. In 2000, Merkel became the Christian Democratic Union's first female chairperson. It was the opposition party at the time. Hide Caption 11 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel, left, attends the opening of the Wagner Festival, an annual music festival in Bayreuth, Germany, in 2001. Hide Caption 12 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel spends part of her summer in Langballig, Germany, in 2002. Hide Caption 13 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in 2002, one of many meetings they would have over the years. Merkel speaks Russian fluently, while Putin speaks German. Hide Caption 14 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel speaks in Nuremberg, Germany, ahead of federal elections in 2005. Hide Caption 15 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel is sworn in as Germany's first female chancellor in November 2005. Hide Caption 16 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel visits the White House in January 2006. A few days later she also visited the Kremlin in Russia. Hide Caption 17 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel US President George W. Bush shows off a barrel of pickled herrings he was presented after arriving in Stralsund, Germany, in July 2006. Hide Caption 18 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel visits troops stationed in Turkey in February 2013. Later that year she was re-elected for a third term. Hide Caption 19 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel and her husband, Joachim Sauer, walk with US President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama before a dinner in Berlin in June 2013. Merkel and Sauer have been married since 1998. Hide Caption 20 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel speaks to Obama on the sidelines of a G7 summit near Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, in June 2015. Hide Caption 21 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel was named Time magazine's Person of the Year in 2015. Time Editor-at-Large Karl Vick described her as "the de facto leader of the European Union" by virtue of being leader of the EU's largest and most economically powerful member state. Twice that year, he said, the EU had faced "existential crises" that Merkel had taken the lead in navigating -- first the Greek debt crisis faced by the eurozone, and then the ongoing migrant crisis. Hide Caption 22 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel and Obama test a virtual-reality headset at a trade fair in Hanover, Germany, in April 2016. Hide Caption 23 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel and US President Donald Trump hold a joint news conference at the White House in March 2017. Hide Caption 24 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel Merkel raises her glass during a toast at the Trudering Festival in Munich, Germany, in May 2017. Hide Caption 25 of 27 Photos: In photos: The life and career of Angela Merkel In this photo provided by the German Government Press Office, German Chancellor Angela Merkel talks with US President Donald Trump, seated, as they are surrounded by other leaders at the G7 summit in Charlevoix, Quebec, on Saturday, June 9. According to two senior diplomatic sources, the photo was taken when there was a difficult conversation taking place regarding the G7's communique and several issues the United States had leading up to it. Analysis: The iconic G7 photo is a Trump Rorschach test Hide Caption 26 of 27 <N> Image caption Ministers say more selective schools will give poorer children the opportunities richer pupils have. Plans for a new wave of selective schools in England have come under fire from former Tory Education Secretary Nicky Morgan and many educationalists. Mrs Morgan said Theresa May's plans to lift the ban on new selective schools, including grammars, risked undermining six years of education reform. All schools are to be given the right to apply to select pupils by ability under the plans. Mrs May says the overhaul is motivated by a commitment to social mobility. But Mrs Morgan said it was "at best a distraction from crucial reforms to raise standards and narrow the attainment gap and at worst risk actively undermining six years of progressive education reform". The prime minister's plans suggest schools becoming selective and new and expanding grammars will take quotas of poor pupils or help run other schools. Image copyright SWNS.com Image caption Theresa May (centre) in 1971 at Holton Park Grammar School, which has since become Wheatley Park Comprehensive Mrs May argued the ban on new selective schools has been in place too long and has held many pupils back. Ofsted's chief inspector of schools, Sir Michael Wilshaw, said the idea that poor children would benefit from a return of grammar schools was "tosh" and "nonsense". He told the BBC: "My fear is by moving to a grammar and secondary modern system - because, let's face it, that's what we'll have if you divide at 11 - we will put the clock back, and the progress we have made over the past 10 to 15 years will slow." Analysis Image copyright PA Image caption The vast majority of Theresa May's cabinet were educated in the state sector Ben Wright, BBC political correspondent For two decades the grammar school question seemed settled. Academic selection was allowed to continue in some parts of England but there would be no new grammar schools built. For Labour, opposition to schools they see as divisive and unfair goes back to the 1960s. In contrast, the Conservative Party has wrestled with the issue for years. For many Tory politicians and activists, grammar schools are ladders of aspiration and pillars of belief - springboards for sending bright children from modest means into the professions. But while leaders like John Major promised to revive grammar schools, none did - and David Cameron was dismissive of the idea that they could fuel social mobility. So why the sudden change? First, Theresa May is clear she's not talking about a return to the 11-plus and secondary moderns. Second, the profile of the government has changed - 20 members of the new cabinet went to state schools and half a dozen of those were grammars. Mrs May's influential chief of staff Nick Timothy is from a working-class background and attended a Birmingham grammar school. These are people who can talk about meritocracy in a way Mr Cameron could not, strivers who made it - and that is shaping their politics. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said his party would block the proposals at every stage of their passage in the Commons. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Education Secretary Justine Greening says secondary modern schools will not return "Fundamentally, it's the same as the old 11-plus system, in that it is dividing children on the basis of their perceived ability at the age of 11. "I don't think that's a good message for our children." He added that comprehensive schools "help social mobility, help children develop at their own pace and bring communities together". Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron predicted the "out-of-date, ineffective approach" would be defeated in the House of Lords. In a major speech, the prime minister said an arbitrary rule preventing selective schools from being established had been tolerated for too long. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Chief inspector of schools Sir Michael Wilshaw warns about expansion of grammar schools "The truth is that we already have selection in our school system - and it's selection by house price, selection by wealth. That is simply unfair. "We are effectively saying to poorer and some of the most disadvantaged children in our country that they can't have the kind of education their richer counterparts can enjoy." She said schools should be able to select on the basis of ability, adding that many already selected on the basis of disciplines like music and sport. "So I want to relax the restrictions to stop selective schools from expanding, that deny parents the right to have a new selective school opened where they want one, that stop existing non-selective schools to become selective in the right circumstances and where there is demand." But Mrs May said the government would use the approvals process to prevent new areas of the country having a limited "binary" choice or schools. 'Tutoring for the test' She also said: "People get lost in the argument about whether the grammar schools of the 1950s and 60s improved social mobility or not. But I want to focus on the new grammars of the future: those that will be just one element of a truly diverse system." Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Grammar schools: May's vision of a 'great meritocracy' The plans will also include the ability for bright children to join grammar schools, not just at 11, but at 14 and 16 as well. The speech announced an end to the current ban on opening new grammars introduced by Labour in 1998. It is thought that an Act of Parliament would be needed for the ban to be lifted on new selective schools opening, but a change in the law may not be required for grammar schools to expand. A consultation is to be held on ways to make new selective schools and expanding grammars more inclusive so that places are not limited to families who can "pay for tuition to pass the test". Education Secretary Justine Greening told the BBC the government wanted to create 21st Century grammar schools that would "turbo charge" the education and prospects of disadvantaged children. There are also plans to make tests for independent schools qualifying for charitable status more rigorous. Private schools reduce their tax bills through this, and Mrs May said a consultation would be held on how to achieve a greater public benefit in return. In summary: main proposals Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Existing grammar schools could expand and new ones could be opened Existing grammar schools in England to be allowed to expand, backed by 50m of new funding All state schools in England to be allowed to select pupils by academic ability "in the right circumstances" and where there is demand All selective schools will have to meet access conditions, such as taking a share of pupils from low-income backgrounds, setting up a new non-selective secondary or primary school or backing an underperforming academy New grammars will be able to take pupils at 14 and 16, as well as 11, or take on students from non-selective schools for certain subjects Universities will be expected to sponsor a state school or set up a new free school as part of an overhaul of fair access requirements Catholic schools which are oversubscribed and want to expand will be able to choose 100% of new pupils on faith grounds, not 50% as now All independent schools will have to support state schools in some way, in return for maintaining their charitable status Fee-paying schools will have to sponsor or set up a new free school or subsidise places for pupils from more modest backgrounds . <N> Events of 1968 back to top Current affairs Art and science International Enoch Powell delivers his 'Rivers of Blood' speech in Birmingham in opposition to anti-discrimination legislation and immigration from the commonwealth. The speech is usually regarded as racist and blamed for stirring up racial prejudice. Powell was sacked from the shadow cabinet as a result, but received considerable public approval at the time for his views.Fay Sislin becomes England first black woman police officer.is the first ever photographic exhibition at the National Portrait Gallery. Under the directorship of Roy Strong, the exhibition introduced a new, theatrical approach to display, and was so popular that the national press reported on the length of queues to get in and it had to be extended twice.Civil unrest escalates in France as student protesters, joined by striking workers, clash with the police. The events came to represent the conflict between the new, liberalised, left-wing generation and the forces of authority and conservatism. French protests were mirrored by others abroad including the Prague Spring in Czechoslovakia, where political liberalisation was achieved for a few months before the country was invaded by the Soviet Union. <N> 1968: 'I remember being terrified' Protest marches against the Vietnam war took place frequently in London - and other major cities in Europe and the United States - throughout the conflict. Often the demonstrations turned violent as crowds made up of students and other activists clashed with police. In London, the trouble in the late 1960s centered on Grosvenor Square - home of the US ambassador to Britain. Your protest memories I was a 24-year-old American reading English at Cambridge and went down to London to participate and watch the anti-war protest that began in Trafalgar Square and moved on to the American Embassy in Grosvenor Square. Along the way I took the pictures, among others, of Tariq Ali and Vanessa Redgrave, who were heading the march. I was surprised that I was able so easily to approach and photograph the lead marchers. I remember being terrified at being chased down by what seemed like scores of mounted police with truncheons flailing about while the square was blocked off so that none who found themselves on the inside could get out. But the police seemed as frightened as the protesters. I remember also seeing Mick Jagger standing coolly on the steps of a house in the square surveying the chaos. My friend Tim Hunt (a Research Fellow at Cambridge at the time - he has since won a Nobel Prize) caught him on film. Robert Newsom, University of California, US I was 17 and a member of the CND. I joined the rally in Trafalgar Square where Vanessa Redgrave and Tariq Ali spoke. Afterwards, thousands of us convened on Grosvenor Square which was full of mounted police and riot police. Being towards the back of the crowd, as I approached the square, fighting had already broken out and I could see it was going to get really bad. Since I lived in Central London, I knew the area very well and managed to get out of the main throng and into safety. It was a very frightening experience, especially when the police horses stood on their hind legs as a result of being frightened or injured. I realised afterwards that I could have been seriously injured or even killed but it felt important to be there but not to put my life at risk. Akasha Lonsdale, UK I was at that demonstration in the crowd on the south side of Grosvenor Square with my heavily pregnant wife. A policeman grabbed a long wooden chain necklace that my wife was wearing thinking it was a weapon. When he realised that it only "jewellery" and I told him she was pregnant he returned it. We were too far back in the crowd to see much of the action at the front, but the pushing was becoming potentially dangerous. The baby was born two days later, and is now a dentist in Dublin with two young children of her own. I still go on the anti-war marches and subscribe to CND. Charles Lucy, UK In 1968, as a Royal Engineer corporal based in Cove, Hants, I would hitch from camp to Coventry every Friday night, then hitch to London on the Sunday and catch the "milk train" that got me back to camp in time for morning parade on Monday. Hitching in full uniform guaranteed easy lifts, but that day (March 17th. 1968) it nearly cost me my life. As I emerged from the tube to get to the mainline station, I was confronted by crowds of baying protesters! My sapper uniform was like a red rag to a bull. An anonymous, but very plucky, copper grabbed me by the scruff of the neck and pushed me back down the stairs into the Underground. I never did find out what happened after my strategic withdrawl, but have always been very, very grateful to that copper! Stuart F Dickson, Spain In retrospect one of the most interesting things was that the first time I saw "skinheads" was at the end of the demo - shaven-headed, waving American flags and picking off isolated anti-Vietnam demonstrators. I'd gone to the demo hoping it might trigger off something like the May Events in Paris but by the end of the evening realised we might have to fight off our homegrown fascists first. Harry, UK <N> An updated edition of the definitive biography on Stephen Hawking that marries biography and science to tell the story of one of the most remarkable men in history Stephen Hawking is no ordinary scientist. He has broadened our basic understanding of the universe and his theoretical work on black holes and the origins of the cosmos have been groundbreaking, if not downright revolutionary. He has also spent much of his adult life confined to a wheelchair, a victim of ALS. But his physical limitations have done nothing to confine him intellectually. Hawking would already be remarkable for his cutting-edge work in theoretical physics alone. However, he has also managed to popularize science unlike anyone else. He achieved almost cult-like fame with his A Brief History of Time and has since become a household name by making the complexities of cosmology accessible to millions of people. In Stephen Hawking, science writers White and Gribbin have painted a compelling portrait of a scientific mind that seemingly knows no bounds. Weaving together clear explanations of Hawkings science with a detailed, balanced, and sensitive personal history, readers will come to know and appreciate both sides of this incredible man. Includes new updates in Hawkings biography and the recent discovery of the Higgs-Boson (or God) particle. <N> Hollywoods biggest influencers are calling attention against gun violence after the U.S. Senate rejected four new gun control proposals on Monday. Many A-listers expressed their frustrations following the rejection of the proposed measures, and now Billboard magazine has released an open letter to Congress signed by 133 actors and music stars as well as 57 executives. On Wednesday, the publication featured the appeal letter on the cover with a petition featured in the inside pages. As leading artists and executives in the music industry, we are adding our voices to the chorus of Americans demanding change, the July 2 cover reads. Courtesy Billboard Among the list of rainbow-colored names are Adam Lambert, Alicia Keys, Barbra Streisand, Beck, Billy Joel, Bonnie Raitt, Britney Spears, Calvin Harris, Carole King, Cher, Elvis Costello, Jennifer Lopez, Katy Perry, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Meghan Trainor, Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, Selena Gomez, Tony Bennett, Yoko Ono and Zayn Malik. Conan OBrien, Ellen DeGeneres, James Corden and Lee Daniels are also featured. RELATED VIDEO: Lea Delaria Breaks Down During Her Response to Orlando Stories Billboards letter comes weeks after Orlando massacre that killed 49 people and injured over 50 at Pulse nightclub on June 12. Courtesy Billboard Read the full letter below: Stop Gun Violence Now Music always has been celebrated communally, on dancefloors and at concert halls. But this life-affirming ritual, like so many other daily experiences  going to school or church or work  now is threatened, because of the gun violence in this country. The one thing that connects the recent tragedies in Orlando is that it is far too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on guns. We call on Congress to do more to prevent the gun violence that kills more than 90 Americans every day and injures hundreds more, including: Require a background check for every gun sale Make it illegal for suspected terrorists to legally buy guns Billboard and the undersigned implore you  the people who are elected to represent us  to close the deadly loopholes that put the lives of so many music fans, and all of us, at risk. <N> This morning, three survivors of the Parkland shooting appeared on The Ellen Show to discuss gun reform and the upcoming March for Our Lives demonstration in Washington, D.C. Emma Gonzalez, 18, Cameron Kasky, 17, and Jaclyn Corin, 17, spoke to Ellen DeGeneres about where they were at the time of the shooting, the students and teachers who were killed, and the origins of the march. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below "The thing that inspired us to create the march was people saying, 'You are all talking about gun control, and this is not the time to talk about gun controlthis is the time to grieve and time to mourn,'" Kasky said. "And we understand that, and we said, now might not be the time to talk about gun control. Heres the time to talk about gun control: March 24th. Its amazing the universal support weve gotten. Its proof that this isnt red and blue, this isnt generation versus generationthis is the 97 percent of people who believe we need to take steps here together." Gonzalez also spoke about her speech at a gun control rally in Fort Lauderdale, which quickly went viral: "I knew I would get my job done properly at that rally if I got people chanting something. And I thought We call B.S. has four syllables, thats good, Ill use that. I didn't want to say the actual curse words...this message doesn't need to be thought of in a negative way at all." Heres the speech from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School student Emma Gonzalez at an anti-gun rally happening today in Fort Lauderdale _LINKS_ // _LINKS_ _LINKS_  Joshua Chavers (@JoshuaChavers) February 17, 2018 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below DeGeneres asked Kasky about the recent CNN town hall in which he went head to head with Senator Marco Rubio about his decision to accept donations from the NRA. My favorite moment of the CNN Town Hall when Marco Rubio begins to squirm because he took $3.2 million from the NRA last year. #StudentsStandUp _LINKS_  Yarnie (@TweetingYarnie) February 22, 2018 "I was angry because for the first time I was confronting what happened to us and looking it in the eye," Kasky said. "We appreciate that Senator Rubio showed up, because not everybody did. And we appreciate that Senator Rubio has started the baby steps to fixing this, because those are steps and thats progress, and thats proof that were doing something here." Kasky also said he almost feels guilty that it took this tragedy for him to get involved with the push for gun reform. "You have to forgive yourself. I wish that I had been able to be part of this before I had to feel it at home...but were here now, and we just have to keep on going and realize were here to fight the good fight." DeGeneres and Shutterfly announced to the three students that they will be donating $50,000 to March for Our Lives, joining a number of celebrities, including Oprah and George and Amal Clooney, who have put money behind the cause. Watch the full interview here: <N> A mob of dancing and screamingfans showed up at Faneuil Hall on Aug. 10 to see the beloved daytime talk show host tape promos for her new time slot. DeGeneres, who will take over's 4 p.m. hour on WCVB-TV Channel 5, spent the morning seeing the sights from a Boston Duck Tours boat, then danced for the thousands of fans who showed up at Quincy Market to welcome her to town. By her side was wife, known professionally as. Some may also remember the "Arrested Development" actress from the series "Ally McBeal," which just so happened to be about a fictional Boston law firm. See photos of the pair in town... <N> I saw Ellen!!!!! And Portia! It was everything that I expected and more! Photo via @Kafranklin21 I met my sister at Quincy Market at 11:00 AM, which was a whole hour before Ellen was scheduled to arrive. I wasnt all that surprised to see so many people waiting for her, but I didnt expect that many super fans! Holy moly! My sister and I scored a second row spot behind the barricades and then waited. And waited. And waited. Two hours later, things started to happen. Channel 5 anchors Ed Harding and Heather Unruh arrived. As well as a ton of policemen and security. Another 30 minutes passed and then a Duck Boat arrived outside Faneuil Hall with Ellen and her staff on it. Yay!! At last, the 2.5-hour wait was worth it! Latest Videos Latest Videos AHHHHH! There she is!!! Look closely. Ellen is standing on the back of the Duck Boat. Shes wearing a navy blue polo shirt. Now, Portia (wearing light pink) is standing next to her. Here they come!!! (You can kind of see the back of Ellens head behind the cops shoulder.) When I snapped this photo, Ellen was only about 5 feet from me! In person, Ellen and Portia looked just like they do on TV. This probably sounds weird, but Ive seen celebrities who are much shorter or older in person, but these two looked exactly how I expected. They were both happy, comfortable, and glamorous. Ellen and Portia walked to the front of Quincy Market, where they were greeted by Mayor Thomas Menino. Mayor Menino declared it Ellen DeGeneres Day in Boston today! Ellen only spoke for a few minutes, but she told the crowd that Boston is now one of her favorite cities and she plans to root for the Red Sox and Patriots from now on. Ellen also congratulated the Bruins on their Stanley Cup win! Photo via @choll12 Ellen is visiting Boston to promote her shows new 4:00 PM time slot, so she told the crowd that she needed to leave to do some interviews. I was a little bummed that she didnt stick around longer, but shes a busy lady and Ill take what I can get. Honestly, I was psyched to see her in person even if it was for a short amount of time. If youre a crazy Ellen fan like me, you can see the whole event on video from Channel 5: Uncut: Ellen Greets Fans at Quincy Market. Lunch After our Ellen sighting, my sister and I walked to the North End for lunch at Antico Forno. I had an Eversave certificate from months ago, so I decided to cash it in. As an appetizer, my sister and I shared the Insalata di Spinaci con Mandorele Pancetta, which sounded much more exciting than it actually was. It ended up just being baby spinach with pieces of bacon on it. We ate it anyway, but Im glad that we decided to share the salad instead of ordering two like we almost did. We had quite a bit of money to spend on the Eversave, so we ordered two pizzas with the plan of taking home lots of leftovers. We ordered a Margherita Pizza (mozzarella, plum tomato sauce, and basil) and a Due Formaggi Pizza (mozzarella, Ricotta, oregano, and garlic). Both were delicious like, really delicious. I love flatbread pizza with lots of high quality toppings like these ones. If I were in the North End, Id hit up this place for pizza. For dessert, my sister and I each enjoyed a cannoli. Mmm! I loved the filling! When in the North End I still cant believe I saw Ellen today! My goal for 2011 is to see her show in person, which I still want to do, but today counts for something, right? I guess its just a bonus to my goal! <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. The teen gunman accused of opening fire with a semi-automatic rifle at his former high school in Parkland, Florida, has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder, officials said Thursday. Authorities said the suspect, identified as 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, concealed himself in the crowd fleeing Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School following the massacre on Wednesday afternoon. He was arrested in nearby Coral Springs. Related: These are the 17 victims of the Parkland school shooting Fourteen others were wounded, five with life-threatening injuries, hospital officials said. Cruz had recently been expelled from Douglas for disciplinary reasons and was enrolled elsewhere in the district, the schools superintendent in Broward County, Robert Runcie, said. Cruz took an Uber to the Douglas campus on Wednesday, Runcie told NBC News. What We Know: 17 people were killed and another 14 were wounded. Suspect identified as Nikolas Cruz, who has been charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder. He may appear in court Thursday. Cruz, 19, was believed to have used an AR-15 style semi-automatic rifle. Broward County Sheriff's Office set to hold a news conference at 10:30 a.m. ET Thursday. A YouTube user named "Nikolas Cruz" reportedly posted "I'm going to be a professional school shooter" on the site. President Donald Trump has tweeted that there were "many signs the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed." He will address the nation at 11 a.m. ET. The gunman was believed to have been armed with an AR-15-style semi-automatic rifle and multiple magazines, said Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel. It was unclear whether he had any other weapons, Israel said. There was no indication that the gunman had an accomplice or accomplices, federal and local authorities said. Cruz was taken into custody off campus about an hour after he "committed this horrific, detestable act," said Israel, who added investigators were reviewing social media postings that he described as "very disturbing." The suspect was treated for "labored breathing" as a precaution but was later released from the hospital, according to officials. "You come to the conclusion this is just absolutely pure evil," said Florida Gov. Rick Scott, his hands clutched over his chest. The FBI was alerted six months ago after a YouTube user named "Nikolas Cruz" posted a comment stating "I'm going to be a professional school shooter" on the video site, BuzzFeed reported early Thursday. Cruz's mother died in early November and he had been staying with a local family  whose son is a junior at Douglas, the family's attorney told NBC Miami. "He lived here without any concerns or issues for almost three months, and they are shocked and horrified by the allegations being made," the lawyer, Jim Lewis, said, adding that his clients are fully cooperating with investigators. Related: Florida shooting leaves families distraught The general store chain Dollar Tree confirmed that Cruz had worked at its Parkland branch. The gunfire began outside the school and continued inside, where 12 of the victims were killed, Israel said. All of those victims have been identified, he said, but no identities will be made public until the families have been notified. Brandon Minoff, a senior at the school who said he had two classes with Cruz two years ago, said that while it was "surreal" to hear Cruz named as the suspect, "I wasn't surprised." "I got paired with him for a project, and he started talking to me about his life  how he was held back twice, expelled from two private schools. He likes to do reckless stuff," Minoff said. "He had aspirations to join the military," Minoff said. "He enjoyed hunting." Sebastian Toala, another senior, told NBC Miami: "I never really got close to him, because I always had a feeling there was something wrong." Mugshot of Nikolas Cruz. Broward County Sheriff's Office Parkland, in north Broward County, is about 30 miles northwest of Fort Lauderdale. The shooting on the sprawling campus happened despite the presence of police officers at the school. Runcie, the school superintendent, said at least two police cars were typically on campus "on a daily basis." While students filed out of the school with their hands up, heavily armed SWAT team members conducted a class-by-class search to make sure there were "no other shooters"  and to retrieve any bodies, he said. "This is a terrible day for Broward County, the state of Florida, the United States," Israel said. "There really are no words." The first sign that something awful was happening Wednesday came around 2:30 p.m., not long before classes were supposed to have been dismissed, when authorities were called to respond to an active shooter. For more than an hour, the school was at the mercy of a gunman on the loose. "He was outside and inside the school," Israel said. Just after 4 p.m., the Broward County Sheriff's Office announced on Twitter that the suspect had been apprehended. Not long after, stunned survivors began sharing their accounts of what happened. Several students told NBC News that the school had gone through a fire drill earlier in the day. They said the fire alarm sounded again just before the shots were heard. Relieved parents like Lisette Rozenblet, whose daughter attends the school, also said she was told that a fire alarm was pulled about the time the shots began. But her daughter's teacher, sensing that it might be a trap, told the students to stay in the classroom, she said. "Her biggest fear is a school shooting," Rozenblet said of her daughter. "She is always begging me to be home-schooled because she was scared of this." Joel Leffler, whose son and daughter attend the school, said both of his kids were safe  but in shock. "My son called me as it was unfolding, running. He had to jump a fence," Leffler said. "My son heard around eight gun shots as he was running out." When he reached his daughter by phone, she was whispering, he said. "My daughter, who was there in the freshman hall where the shooting took place  she's in shock right now, and she's being taken out by SWAT," Leffler said. "She saw multiple dead bodies." Parents wait for news after reports of a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on Wednesday. Joel Auerbach / AP President Donald Trump tweeted Thursday that there were "many signs the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed." He was scheduled to address the nation Thursday at 11 a.m. ET. Scott, a Republican whom the National Rifle Association's Political Victory Fund gave an "A+" rating, didn't directly answer reporters' questions Wednesday about how the gunman was able to obtain a semi-automatic rifle. "There is a time to continue to have these conversations about how, through law enforcement, how through mental illness funding, to keep people safe, and we'll continue to do that," the governor said. <N> February 25, 2013 2013-R-0119 SCHOOL SECURITY IN ISRAEL By: Michael Csere, Legislative Fellow You asked what steps Israel has taken to protect its public schools and university students from terrorist attacks and gun violence. SUMMARY Our research indicates that Israel has taken a number of steps to protect schools and students from terrorist attacks and gun violence, with a greater emphasis on the former. Israeli law currently requires a guard in schools of 100 or more students. These guards are generally employed by private security companies, while the Israel Police (the country's civilian police force) have overall responsibility for guidance, oversight, and control for the entire security system of educational institutions, from kindergartens through universities. The law permits certain individuals to carry firearms in schools. There has been considerable controversy over the law's funding and implementation, including criticism of the expertise and capability of the guards. While not required to have them, some schools, notably smaller ones, have experienced difficulty funding security guards. Additionally, the Israeli Ministry of Education has provided funding to (1) construct shelters and fences, (2) add reinforced protection to school buses, (3) hire and train security guards, and (4) provide professional psychological care to treat students' emotional reactions to terrorist attacks. Armed security guards sometimes accompany students on field trips, although it is unclear whether this is currently mandated or how frequently it occurs. The Ministry has also collaborated with the Israel Police to provide security awareness training elementary-age students. And at least one high school has adopted its own security protocols. ISRAELI LAW Security Guards According to officials at the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem and the Israeli Embassy in Washington, D.C., Israeli law currently requires educational institutions with more than 100 students to post a guard. The Security and Emergency Department within the Israel Police has the overall responsibility to provide security for all schools and surrounding areas, while the guards actually stationed at the schools are generally employed by private security companies working with local authorities. The principal of each school oversees the specific security arrangements, and must appoint a designated security aide to assist with these arrangements. By law, the guard must check the school site 30 minutes before school starts. He or she then checks people and vehicles entering the school and can permit or refuse entry to unauthorized people. The guard is generally stationed at the school entrance and is responsible for security outside the school (but not internal security issues, like fights between students). In the event of actual hostile activity (essentially terrorist in nature), the guard must engage with the attacker or attackers. In the last Knesset (the Israeli legislature), a bill was introduced authorizing guards to intervene in certain cases inside schools. This was in response to a perceived rise in non-terror-related violent incidents in schools (i.e., fights between students). The proposal failed. Authorization to Carry Firearms in Schools The law permits the following people to carry firearms in schools: 1. the guards (provided they are the security company's property and not their own weapons), 2. authorized Education Ministry personnel using ministry firearms, 3. the police, and 4. the army. According to the U.S. and Israeli embassies, the lawful purposes for carrying firearms are to (1) protect school personnel and students, (2) create a sense of security, (3) deter the ill-intentioned, and (4) provide self-defense. The guard must possess a valid license to carry guns issued by the Ministry of Public Security and the Israel Police. The qualifications of the license holder normally include a high school diploma, clean record, and weapons training. Additionally, strict protocols and guidance exist regarding carrying a weapon and the types of weapons that can be carried. IMPLEMENTATION AND CONTROVERSY According to an Israeli Embassy official, the security apparatus for each educational institution is determined by the threat level for that particular institution. For instance, there is a difference in specific security arrangements between institutions near the Green Line (the demarcation lines set out in the 1949 Armistice agreements between Israel and its neighbors), those in cities with mixed populations, and those in cities near conflict zones (i.e., the northern and southern borders). Most of the institutions have fences, cameras, and an armed security guard stationed at the school entrance. The Israel Police create a file for each institution, which includes the number of students and staff, phones, means of communication, and private security companies that work with the school. The Police also visit and inspect schools, and make daily contact with civilian security companies. The Police inspect and train private security companies, and provide guidance to local government security officers. Professor Gerald Steinberg, a professor of Political Science at Bar-Ilan University in Israel and the Executive Director of NGO Monitor (an organization that provides information and analysis on the activities of non-governmental organizations), noted that the specific response to terrorist attacks and gun violence varies by school. While armed guards, police, or soldiers are stationed at some schools, in less threatened areas unarmed guards or parents are stationed at the school's entrance to check for unauthorized people and suspicious packages. Professor Steinberg also noted that cameras are used in some schools, and in his opinion, provide only a minor deterrent. He further asserted that the greater threat of attacks in Israel comes from Palestinian and allied terrorists living outside Israel's borders rather than domestic threats, thus schools are defended on that basis. In fact, he stated, Israelis have used weapons in domestic conflicts in very few cases. The U.S. Embassy official noted several areas of controversy over the posting of security guards in schools. For example, the actions and competence of the guards have been criticized, and there have been arguments over funding. As noted above, the guards are generally private security company employees. Local police refuse to guard schools themselves: for professional reasons, they regard it as a waste of manpower and prefer to use roving car patrols and intelligence activities to protect the educational institutions. The guards themselves have been criticized: they are not highly paid (frequently earning close to minimum wage), leading some to question their ability to repel a determined attacker. Also, a few guards have used their company guns to pursue inappropriate or illegal matters, which has drawn further criticism. For example, in one case, a guard was tried for manslaughter after shooting dead an electrical repair technician who tried to get into a school by climbing over a fence. Additionally, disputes have arisen between the finance ministry, local authorities, the Ministry for Internal Security (oversees the Israel Police), and the Education Ministry as to who should pay for the guards. Because certain minimum student enrollment is required to qualify for government funding for security needs, a number of smaller schools have had difficulty paying for security guards. In response, the United Jewish Communities' Israel Emergency Campaign and various Jewish communities abroad have raised money to provide security at smaller schools. OTHER SECURITY MEASURES The Ministry of Education, together with the Israel Police's Community & Civil Guard Department, designed and implemented a preventive care program for elementary schools called  Elementary Security . The program aims to encourage safe behavior and prevent all forms of violence through a series of classroom lessons taught by a community police officer in conjunction with the teacher. It focuses on the role of police officers, forms of violence, and safe behavior. The Eisendrath International Exchange High School in Israel reports that it has taken the following safety and security measures to protect students: 1. daily review of itineraries and changes as needed to provide the highest level of security, 2. daily consultations with the security department of the Jewish Agency for Israel, 3. no travel through Palestinian controlled areas of the West Bank or Gaza Strip, 4. use of the school's own chartered buses rather than public transportation, 5. Israeli-trained security guard traveling with each group on a daily basis, 6. orientation for staff and participants including safety and security procedures and protocols, and 7. contingency plans to move groups to safety or bring groups home if necessary. SOURCES Eisendrath International Exchange High School in Israel, Safety and Security, _LINKS_ , last visited on February 4, 2013. Israel Ministry of Education, The Israeli Education System Strives to Protect Its Schools and Students from Terror, _LINKS_ , last visited on February 4, 2013. Israel Ministry of Public Security, Elementary Security: Learning About Crime Prevention, _LINKS_ , last visited on February 4, 2013. The Jewish Agency for Israel, Safety of Children a Top Priority, _LINKS_ , last visited on February 4, 2013. MC:ts <N> All the facts arent in but it appears a madman dressed up as a policeman and took a boat to Utoya Island where he ordered a group of teenagers to gather around him, and then started shooting. The death toll has reached at least 80, but theyre still counting. The only thing that stopped the killer was other people with guns, in the form of a SWAT team that also had to take a boat to the island. Apparently, the killer had his way for quite a while since he had the only gun on the island before the SWAT team arrived. If some of the adults on the island had been armed would the death toll have been lower? I think so. The shooter in Tucson who recently killed 5 and wounded a U.S. Congresswoman was stopped by a CCW holder (without using his firearm, but he was armed). It may be that the United States and Israel are the only civilized countries where a majority of people understand the simple concept that a deranged man with a gun can only be stopped by other people with guns (unless a brave group takes him down by charging him at great risk to themselves, which also happened in Tucson). This photo I took in the City of Acre, Israel in 2002 of a couple of school teachers on a class outing with their students reveals that understanding. <N> Terrified youths jumped into the water to escape. Kids have started to swim in a panic, and Utoya is far from the mainland, said Bjorn Jarle Roberg-Larsen, a Labor Party member who spoke by phone with teenagers on the island, which has no bridge to the mainland. Others are hiding. Those I spoke with dont want to talk more. Theyre scared to death. Many could not flee in time. He first shot people on the island, a 15-year-old camper named Elise told The Associated Press. Afterward he started shooting people in the water. Most of the campers were teenagers but there were also adults on the island, who may have been among the victims. Photo After the shooting the police seized a 32-year-old Norwegian man on the island, according to the police and Justice Minister Knut Storberget. He was later identified as Anders Behring Breivik and characterized by officials as a right-wing extremist, citing previous writings including on his Facebook page. The acting police chief, Sveinung Sponheim, said the suspects Internet postings suggest that he has some political traits directed toward the right, and anti-Muslim views, but if that was a motivation for the actual act remains to be seen. He said the suspect had also been seen in Oslo before the explosions. The police and other authorities declined to say what the suspects motivations might have been, but many speculated that the target was Mr. Stoltenbergs liberal government. The police have every reason to believe there is a connection between the explosions and what happened at Utoya, the police said. They said they later recovered explosives on the island. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Mr. Breivik had registered a farm-related business in Rena, in eastern Norway , which the authorities said allowed him to order a large quantity of ammonium nitrate fertilizer, an ingredient that can be used to make explosives. Authorities were investigating whether the chemical may have been used in the bombing. Photo A Facebook page matching his name and the photo given out by the police was set up just a few days ago. It listed his religion as Christian, politics as conservative. It said he enjoys hunting, the video games World of Warcraft and Modern Warfare 2, and books including Machiavellis The Prince and George Orwell s 1984. There was also a Twitter account apparently belonging to Mr. Breivik. It had one item, posted last Sunday: One person with a belief is equal to the force of 100,000 who have only interests. As the investigations continued, the police asked people to leave the center of Oslo, stay indoors and limit their cellphone use. They also said they would initiate border checks. The attacks bewildered a nation better known for its active diplomacy and peacekeeping missions than as a target for extremists. In Oslo, office workers and civil servants said that at least two blasts, which ripped through the cluster of modern office buildings around the central Einar Gerhardsen plaza, echoed across the city in quick succession around 3:20 p.m. local time. Giant clouds of light-colored smoke rose hundreds of feet as a fire burned in one of the damaged structures, a six-story office building that houses the Oil Ministry. Photo The force of the explosions blew out nearly every window in the 17-story office building across the street from the Oil Ministry, and the streets on each side were strewn with glass and debris. The police combed through the debris in search of clues. Mr. Stoltenbergs office is on the 16th floor in the towering rectangular block, whose facade and lower floors were damaged. The Justice Ministry also has its offices in the building. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Norwegian authorities said they believed that a number of tourists were in the central district at the time of the explosion, and that the toll would surely have been higher if not for the fact that many Norwegians were on vacation and many more had left their offices early for the weekend. Luckily, its very empty, said Stale Sandberg, who works in a government agency a few blocks down the street from the prime ministers office. After the explosions, the city filled with an unfamiliar sense of vulnerability. We heard two loud bangs and then we saw this yellow smoke coming from the government buildings, said Jeppe Bucher, 18, who works on a ferry boat less than a mile from the bomb site. There was construction around there, so we thought it was a building being torn down. Video He added, Of course Im scared, because Norway is such a neutral country. American counterterrorism officials cautioned that Norways own homegrown extremists, with unknown grievances, could be responsible for the attacks. Initial reports focused on the possibility of Islamic militants, in particular Ansar al-Jihad al-Alami, or Helpers of the Global Jihad, cited by some analysts as claiming responsibility for the attacks. American officials said the group was previously unknown and might not even exist. There was ample reason for concern that terrorists might be responsible. In 2004 and again in 2008, the No. 2 leader of Al Qaeda , Ayman al-Zawahri , who took over after the death of Osama bin Laden , threatened Norway because of its support of the American-led NATO military operation in Afghanistan . Norway has about 550 soldiers and three medevac helicopters in northern Afghanistan, a Norwegian defense official said. The government has indicated that it will continue to support the operations as long as the alliance needs partners on the ground. Terrorism specialists said that even if the authorities ultimately ruled out Islamic terrorism as the cause of Fridays assaults, other kinds of groups or individuals were mimicking Al Qaedas brutality and multiple attacks. If it does turn out to be someone with more political motivations, it shows these groups are learning from what they see from Al Qaeda, said Brian Fishman, a counterterrorism researcher at the New America Foundation in Washington . One lesson I take away from this is that attacks, especially in the West, are going to move to automatic weapons. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Muslim leaders in Norway swiftly condemned the attacks. This is our homeland, this is my homeland, said Mehtab Afsar, secretary general of the Islamic Council of Norway. I condemn these attacks, and the Islamic Council of Norway condemns these attacks, whoever is behind them. <N> Here are some lessons learned by a K-12 school campus police chief who participated in the Georgia International Law Enforcement Exchange. Israeli schoolchildren playing soccer inside a fenced in area under the watchful eyes of teachers and an armed guard just out of the view of this camera. The mere fact you are reading this magazine means you and I share a bond a bond to try and protect the schools, colleges and hospital campuses of this nation. Bearing that thought in mind, Im certain the Newtown, Conn., mass shooting in December that shocked our nations conscience shocked yours as well and once again strengthened your personal resolve to be the best that you can be in keeping your people and facilities safe. With this in mind, at the beginning of this year, I wanted to learn from the best of the best. I wanted to go to Israel. Id applied to go the year before and had been accepted, yet funding shortages kept me home. In January, however, I was ecstatic to learn that I would be going for two weeks in May and June as a member of the 2013 Georgia International Law Enforcement Exchange (GILEE). GILEE is a project of Georgia State University (GSU) in Atlanta and is the brainchild of Dr. Robert Friedmann; professor emeritus of criminal justice at GSU. What Security in Israel Is Really Like There are a lot of ideas in the United States of what Israel is like. For example, Id always heard that Israel is an armed society, and virtually everyone routinely carries a weapon. I learned quickly from one of our guides that although the private ownership of firearms in Israel is not forbidden, those not employed in public safety, security or in the military must show a legitimate need to possess a firearm and must have a permit. Examples include being a civilian, yet being a target of a specific credible threat, such as a retired member of the Israel Defense Force (IDF) or police officer, or a person serving as a reservist. With 20% of Israels budget going to defense and security, and 80% of the nations defense force being reservists, one can comfortably calculate that a significant portion of the public owns a firearm but dont routinely carry one. I also thought that there were fences between the Jewish population and Arabs who are mainly of the Muslim faith. I learned quickly that Israel, much like the United States, is a melting pot. Jews, Muslims, along with Christians, Bahais, Druze and secular Israelis live and work side by side in this country of 7.7 million people. This country, from a standpoint of geography, could fit inside my home state of Georgia, without ever touching the borders. With the exception of the Mediterranean Sea, Israel is bordered on all sides by neighbors that are not generally friendly: Syria, Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon. One of the keys in the Israeli approach is proper mindset (see Behavioral Profiling Is Useful When Appropriately Applied). Although responding to and dealing with the threats to public safety and security are the responsibilities of the police, determining who and what potentially constitutes a threat is taken very seriously by every Israeli citizen. They have learned to live in a culture where threats come in the form of unprovoked and unpredicted rocket attacks at any hour, or someone detonating a suicide vest in a crowded restaurant. The suicide bomber can come in the form of a man, woman or even the unthinkable, a child. School Buses Dont Exist in Israel As we travelled the streets of Tel-Aviv, my mind turned to stories Id heard of how there are soldiers securing every school and school bus in Israel. I quickly learned after observing a school from the street and making inquiries of our police escort that this was not the case. It is correct that they do indeed have armed security in every school and that an officer is very visible. All the security officers working in the schools are under the guidance of the Israel police, and the standards are high. Unannounced drills are frequent to test operational readiness. Regarding school buses, there is no such thing in Israel. Any child not walking or being taken to school rides on public transportation. Now, very often there is an armed IDF soldier on the bus, yet this is happenstance and not by design. When there is a heavily attended school field trip, contracted IDF soldiers, police or armed security officers provide the escort for the group. Compulsory military service for Israelis (male and female) is mandatory at age 18. Service is three years for men and two years for women. Orthodox Jews, Arabs and those who a have serious chronic medical condition are exempt. That said, you see quite a few young people walking about Israel and on public transportation with fully automatic carbine rifles, ready to load and fire in an instant, but they are generally IDF soldiers. National pride abounds in Israel, and one factor is that most citizens have been soldiers at some point in their lives. One Israeli civilian told me that when he had children in school during the height of the suicide bombings, he would make the three children ride to school in separate buses. He said that although this was heartbreaking, he felt he needed to do so in order to have some comfort if something happened. He said that mathematically at least, he could perhaps avert tragedy with one of his children. This is the reality of life in Israel, he said matter-of-factly. Student Crime Is Rare The Israel schools have assessed the threats and acted accordingly to address them. They have heavy fencing around them to prevent suicide bombers from entering their grounds and buildings, and fences are erected high enough so that anyone trying to lob some explosive device over the top would have a hard time accomplishing the act. The Israeli SRO does not handle law enforcement functions as do many of us within our country. Their function is solely a preventive counter-terror measure to deter, engage if necessary and neutralize a threat. By all accounts that I received, issues with Israeli school children committing acts that are considered crimes are very rare. Even when this does occur, these events are handled by the schools headmaster. This is a considerable difference between our style and theirs because as much as we dont enjoy saying it, American kids can and do commit criminal acts on campus that are sometimes horrendous. This is an unfortunate fact that we face daily as campus police or armed security in our schools. This is life in the United States. Incorporate These 8 Steps into Your Plan I gained a priceless new mindset after my trip to Israel. Want to think like an Israeli security specialist? Not to simplify their expertise  because it is amazing  the proper mindset really is not all that difficult. Yet, it is what sets them apart. Rather than thinking that arms alone will defeat any threat, mindset is more important than firepower. This mindset is best kept simple, and I suggest the following: 1) Identify the most likely threats to your students and staff. 2) Solicit the help and active collaboration of stakeholders and form all-hazard threat assessment teams to identify the threats and methods to warn your staff and others about the threats that can be prevented or interrupted. This is provided that they can be mitigated. For example, foul weather cannot be prevented, but it can be mitigated. Concentrate on preparedness for the most likely threats, and use resources that are readily available as guides such as FEMA, the Department of Education, reputable private firms, non-profits and your states emergency management. 3) Have a no-hassle and confidential way for the reporting of unusual/concerning activi ty (e.g. an unattended bag). Any system/method you employ for public reporting should be very user friendly. 4) Develop and communicate as simple of a plan as possible to staff or students on the proper course of action they should take to deal quickly with threats. 5) Train, train, train on that plan, and include students and staff, not just your own public safety staff. Then, evaluate the plan and tweak it where necessary. Also, ensure that safety drill practices and evaluations are a weighted part of staff performance expectations. 6) If you use security cameras and technology, get a vendor with good support and dont bog down people trying to monitor technology that is beyond their ability to mentally handle. The Israelis were quick to point out that they limit anyone monitoring video to a four hour shift. Anything beyond that greatly decreases human capability to observe. 7) As much as possible, sanitize areas that are to be used for large gatherings on campus. You might not have a K-9 or sophisticated explosive detection equipment on hand, but you can have trained observers. Train them on IED detection and use them. Once you sanitize an area, ensure it is secured and not left unattended before participants begin to arrive. 8) Use community policing to make safety a mindset and culture on your campus so the programs you employ will be sustainable in the future. Soliciting others on campus is a force multiplier, so get students and staff involved. Properly applied technology is a great asset, yet nothing really beats an engaged observer who is properly trained on response. Shalom. Related Articles: Rod Ellis is a 26 year law enforcement veteran and police instructor and serves as the Chief of Police of the Glynn County School District in Brunswick, Ga. He can be reached at [email protected] <N> Kalab Karov la'bayit (  becomes , "close to home") A soldier who serves near home, rather than on a base far from home, is called a kalabnik. People use the word kalabnik to describe someone who might be homesick. Shnatz Sheinat tzohora'im (  becomes , "afternoon sleep") Shnatz is an everyday term that people use to say "short afternoon nap." Its origins are from the IDF, likely out of the necessity for a break. Sakash Sak sheinah (  becomes , "sleeping bag") Sakash is the word for sleeping bag. It's the combination of "sak" (bag) and "sheina" (sleep), and is used well beyond the IDF. Tash Tnaei sherut (  becomes , "service conditions") It translates to "service conditions." Soldiers refer to any benefits they get, from time off to cold drinks, as tash. It's also the word to describe the perk regilah (), which is six vacation days soldiers receive for every four months. Chamshush Chamishi, Shishi, Shabbat (, ,  becomes , "Thursday, Friday, and Saturday") Similar to a long weekend in the United States, this refers to getting a long weekend of leave, from Thursday through Saturday night, or a chamshush, and is one of those little things that makes a soldier really happy.Chamshush is merely a combination of the Hebrew words for "Thursday, Friday and Saturday." Bakum Basis Klitah V'miyun (   becomes , "Army Induction Base") The Bakum is the first army base every new draftee visits. Its the place where new soldiers get their assignments, uniforms and very first introduction to IDF life. Soldiers say the phrase helem bakum ( , "Army Induction Base shock" in reference to the feeling displayed by many new recruits of being overwhelmed by the reality of military service. <N> Safety and security Here at Ezra, we understand that applicants and their families may be concerned about the security situation in Israel. Let us assure you that the safety of our participants is the primary factor in our trip planning. As an official Taglit-Birthright Israel organizer, we must meet the highest security standards and strict safety requirements set forth by the birthright initiative. Ezra staff constantly reviews all security measures for Taglit-Birthright Israel trips and implements the most stringent security measures at all times throughout the program. The following are some of the basic security precautions taken on the trip: Careful Itinerary Planning. Our tours do not travel to or through areas of the West Bank or Gaza or other unsafe areas. No one is allowed to leave group. The Taglit-Birthright Israel: EZRA tour is a very full and structured program and participants are forbidden from ever leaving the group or going anywhere unsafe alone. Full Coordination with Israeli Security Authorities. Each day, itineraries are cleared through the official government authorities that are responsible for reviewing all educational field trips for Israeli schools and educational institutions. A groups itinerary will be changed immediately to reflect any heightened risk or security concerns. 24/7 Emergency Hotline and phone numbers of out staff in Israel and North America. Taglit-Birthright Israel: EZRA participants will fly mostly on El Al Israel Airlines, recognized as the world leader in airline safety and security. However, some groups may fly with other airlines with possible stopovers in Europe but they will also have an extra security. Detailed Security Orientation. Upon arrival each Taglit-Birthright Israel: Ezra group is given a detailed safety and security orientation. In addition, the tour educators and counselors of each trip brief participants regularly regard special security arrangements for particular trips or days. The orientation and briefings include guidelines for free time and general travel safety. Armed Security Escort. Two armed Israeli security guards accompany every Taglit-Birthright Israel: Ezra group wherever they go. They are also trained as medics and carry all medical equipment. Our trips are monitored by GPS satellite system, which is being monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week by a special security room (cheder matzav) whose sole responsibility is the safety and security of our groups. Please Note: Taglit-Birthright Israel has brought over 300,000 participants to Israel over the last 12 years without one security related incident. Not one. Since the creation of the State of Israel, there has never been a perfect time to visit Israel. Unfortunately, there is something is always going on. Now, though, you have the opportunity to take advantage of the Taglit-Birthright Israel: EZRA gift. Dont delay your dream trip, do it now, because no matter what you think this is the safest way to go to Israel. Remember, our primary concern is the safety of participants. Please feel free to contact us if you have specific security related questions or concerns. We will be happy to personally take your call to address any questions or concerns that you may have about our trip. <N> There is a picture going around the Internet that I have seen about a dozen times today that claims that Israeli teachers are packing heat. Well, are they? The answer is NO. There may be some exceptions in dangerous areas like the West Bank (where five percent of Israelis live), but in general, Israeli teachers are not walking around like its the Wild Wild West, strapped with a six shooter. No, our teachers are not focused on shooting, but educating. That doesnt mean, however, that we dont protect young students. In the picture, the students are on an outing. While it appears that the teacher is holding a rifle, I have never seen such a thing in ten years of living here. Rest assured however, they are under armed protection. In most cases it is an armed guard or a soldier that will accompany a class, not the teacher. And my guess is that the woman with the gun is a security guard, not a teacher. Secondly, they are not armed in the classroom. Is that really the image you want to imprint on the minds of six-year-olds? (That would be Hamas) On the other hand. I have never seen a school in Israel that was not fenced in. You must go through a locked gate that is guarded by an armed shomer, a security guard. He or she, on the other hand, is not concerned with educating, but protecting. He or she will ask you why you are there? What is your childs name? Show me your I.D. card. And he or she would not let you bring a weapon inside. These types of massacres dont seem to happen here for other reasons as well. Despite the stereotype of Israel being a violent nation, it is a million times (slight exaggeration) easier to get a weapon in the US than it is in Israel. Gun Control laws are very strict here. Two types of people have guns in Israel: Soldiers and those with licenses. Mentally unstable people dont have gunsand thus, dont shoot people. And it is not as easy to steal a gun as it is in the US. When you are drafted you go through mental tests to see if there are any red flags. If so, you will be discharged or placed in an area where you would never see a rifle. Only those with the rank of Captain or Lieutenant Colonel for at least two years can qualify to own a gun after the army. And those who do have guns are taught to guard them carefully. For soldiers who take their weapons home, it must be on their persons at all times or under lock and key. Losing a weapon will get you a jail sentence, as my wifes childhood friend, Moti, found out two decades ago. He left his gun in his car because he was just running into a mini-mart. He came back and the gun was gone. He spent six months in jail and God only knows where that gun ended up. Hunting is not popular in Israel, so it would be rare to see someone with five or six hunting rifles and therefore, neither would their son, who spends ten hours a day playing mortal combat, have access to them. We are fond of saying Guns dont kill people, people do But we could also say that Mentally unstable people who cant obtain assault rifles or even pistols are far less likely to commit mass murder. Assault rifles are banned in Israel, except in areas where there is a security risk such as the West Bank. I dont think that those who drafted the Second Amendment imagined that those who feel rejected at school or who were bullied would have access not merely to a musket that fires one bullet at a time before reloading, but to an arsenal of pistols, assaults rifles and more, such as in the case of James Holmes, the Joker who killed 12 people earlier this year during a screening of Batman. I think the amendment was for people like Israelis who live in the West Bank and are under the threat of attack all the time. I am far too ignorant concerning the Gun Control issue to give much of an educated opinion. But I dont like people using Israel as an example, as we make it very difficult to own a gun. However, I think we should be an example of a country that makes sure that the right people get guns and the wrong people dont. In 2008 an Arab terrorist opened fire in a Yeshiva (school for religious boys) killing eight young men. An off-duty IDF officer grabbed his gun, just as he was putting his kids to bed. He ran out of the house and into the Yeshiva, where he hunted down the terrorist, shooting him before a security guard also put two bullets in his head. In another incident not long afterwards, a Arab worker went berserk with his bulldozer turning it into a killing machine. Oron Ben Shimon, an armed civilian, jumped onto the bulldozer along with a soldier. Ben Shimon struggled with the terrorist, while the soldier, at Ben Shimons urging, shot him dead, saving many lives. Israels successful gun ownership laws both serve to make sure upstanding, brave and mentally sound citizens have access to guns, and that those who present even a minor threat are prevented from possessing one. It would be a mistake to use Israel as the poster child for more weapons in the US, as our success here is much more connected to limiting weapons and enabling strategies such as gates, fences and armed guards (not armed teachers), to protect our children. Sorry to disappoint, but the truth is important. Ron Cantor is a Messianic Jewish leader in Israel. You can visit his site, MessiahsMandate.org. He is the author of the new novel Identity Theft: How Jesus was Robbed of His Jewishness. You can learn more about his book here: www.IDTheftBook.com. <N> Top FBI official Andrew McCabe has been "removed" from his post as deputy director, Fox News is told, leaving the bureau after months of conflict-of-interest complaints from Republicans including President Trump. A source confirmed to Fox News that McCabe is taking terminal leave  effectively taking vacation until he reaches his planned retirement in a matter of weeks. As such, he will not be reporting to work at the FBI anymore. The move was first reported by NBC News. McCabe has long been a controversial figure at the bureau. Republicans have questioned McCabes ties to the Democratic Party, considering his wife ran as a Democrat for a Virginia Senate seat in 2015 and got financial help from a group tied to Clinton family ally Terry McAuliffe. Trump himself tweeted in December: How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, the man in charge, along with leakin James Comey, of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation (including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails) be given $700,000 for wifes campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation? White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said during Mondays press briefing that Trump stands by his previous criticism of McCabe but was not involved in the departure. The president wasn't part of the decision-making process, Sanders said. On Monday, Democrats defended McCabe after news of his retirement broke. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is, and has been, a dedicated public servant who has served this country well, tweeted former Attorney General Eric Holder, who worked in the Obama administration and has become a frequent Trump critic. Added Holder: Bogus attacks on the FBI and DOJ to distract attention from a legitimate criminal inquiry does long term, unnecessary damage to these foundations of our government. McCabes departure certainly does not mean that we are done rooting out the problems at the FBI, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., reacted. The only way to ensure the FBI remains the premier law enforcement agency in the world is to ensure that the leadership at the Bureau holds the trust of the American people. This change in leadership at the FBI is a good first step in repairing the damage to their reputation. McCabes exit follows recent news of other changes in top FBI roles, as Trump has taken aim at other senior FBI officials who worked under the former director, James Comey. FBI DIRECTOR REPLACES COMEY-ERA CHIEF OF STAFF FBI Director Christopher Wray said last week that his chief of staff, James Rybicki, was leaving the bureau. Department of Justice officials also told Fox News that Dana Boente, the U.S. Attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia who is also the acting head of the DOJs National Security division, has been selected to step in as the FBIs next general counsel. James Baker, who had served as general counsel, was reassigned late last year. McCabe's name has surfaced in connection with several other controversies. The Daily Beast reported that a GOP memo alleging government surveillance abuse named McCabe, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and ex-FBI boss James Comey. Incidentally, the McCabe removal comes after Wray viewed the memo Sunday on Capitol Hill, as reported by Fox News Catherine Herridge. The removal also comes ahead of a DOJ inspector general report regarding the handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe. Several Republicans also want to know what McCabe knew about anti-Trump text messages between two bureau officials, including one that seemed to reference an insurance policy against Trump winning the 2016 election. I want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in Andys office - that theres no way he gets elected - but Im afraid we cant take that risk, Peter Strzok texted on Aug. 15, 2016. Its like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before youre 40. Some lawmakers think "Andy" was a reference to McCabe. Late last year, Trump drew attention to news stories about McCabe's rumored agency exit. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits, Trump tweeted. The Washington Post last week reported that Trump, during an Oval Office meeting last spring, pressed McCabe, who was then acting FBI director, about whom he voted for in the 2016 election. McCabe, according to the outlet, told the president he didnt vote. Fox News' Alex Pappas and Chad Pergram contributed to this report. <N> The design of the building is a modified H plan with four stories above ground, two basements, and three levels of underground garage space. A white marble facade above a pink granite base covers a concrete and steel frame. One hundred sixty-nine Representatives were accommodated in three-room suites, with modern-for-the-time features such as toilets, kitchens, and built-in file cabinets; nine committees were also moved to this building. Amenities include a cafeteria, first aid room, Library of Congress book station, telephone and telegraph room, recording studio, gymnasium, and facilities for press and television. A subway tunnel with two cars connects the building to the Capitol, and pedestrian tunnels join it to the Longworth House Office Building. On either side of the main entrance to the building stand two ten-foot marble statues by C. Paul Jennewein, Spirit of Justice and Majesty of Law. On the east and west walls are eight marble rhytons, drinking horns formed of mythical figures known as chimeras. Speaker Sam Rayburn, for whom the building was named in 1962, is represented in the building in an oil portrait by Tom Lea, a marble relief by Paul Manship and a six-foot bronze statue by Felix de Weldon. The Architect of the Capitol (AOC) House Superintendent's Office is responsible for the day-to-day structural, mechanical and domestic care of the House Office Buildings. History and Construction Earlier efforts to provide space for the House of Representatives had included the construction of the Cannon House Office Building and the Longworth Building. In March 1955, Speaker Sam Rayburn introduced an amendment for a third House office building, although no site had been identified, no architectural study had been done and no plans prepared. Architect of the Capitol J. George Stewart, with the approval of the House Office Building Commission, selected the firm of Harbeson, Hough, Livingston and Larson of Philadelphia to design a simplified, classical building in architectural harmony with other Capitol Hill structures. President John F. Kennedy speaks at the cornerstone ceremony on May 24, 1962. The area west of the Longworth Building on Squares 635 and 636 was chosen, with the main entrance on Independence Avenue and garage and pedestrian entrances on South Capitol Street, C Street and First Street S.W. The cornerstone was laid in May 1962, and full occupancy of the building began in February 1965. <N> Washington  FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe faced numerous questions this week about his interactions, conversations and correspondence with his onetime boss, former FBI Director James Comey, spanning both the FBI's Russia investigation and its probe into Hillary Clinton's private email server, according to multiple sources from both parties with knowledge of his testimony. In private testimony before the House Intelligence Committee this week, McCabe told lawmakers that Comey informed him of conversations he had with President Donald Trump soon after they happened, according to three sources with knowledge of the matter. The testimony suggests McCabe could corroborate Comey's account, including Trump's ask that Comey show him loyalty, which the President has strongly disputed. Comey previously testified that he briefed some of his senior colleagues at the FBI about this conversation with Trump. McCabe appeared for more than 16 hours of testimony behind closed doors in two sessions this week before members of the House Intelligence, Oversight and Judiciary committees, amid growing calls for his firing from Republicans critical of the FBI's handling of both investigations. Intelligence Committee Republicans also grilled McCabe about how the FBI used the dossier compiled by a British agent alleging collusion between Trump and Russia. Some Republicans were dissatisfied with the responses, according to the sources. Thursday, before the House Judiciary and Oversight committees, McCabe faced intense questioning from Republicans about the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation, which many in the GOP believe was unfair. The panel's Republicans forced McCabe to answer questions about internal emails they believe showed Comey mishandled the investigation, according to multiple sources. The mood, according to Illinois Democratic Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi, was "tense." "All this time on Clinton emails and dragging the FBI in to talk about Clinton instead of the real crime: Russian interference in our democracy," said Krishnamoorthi, who sits on the House Oversight Committee. The FBI declined to comment. But two Republicans emerged from the Thursday hearing saying McCabe's testimony did not change their belief that Clinton got favorable treatment by the FBI when it decided not to pursue criminal charges last year over the handling of her private email server. They declined to provide details about what McCabe said, citing the confidential nature of the interview. In the heat of the presidential campaign last summer, Comey publicly announced that Clinton would not be charged in the email server investigation. Comey said "no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case," primarily because investigators didn't determine that Clinton intentionally schemed to break federal law. Drawing the ire of Republicans, Comey also said the investigation found "evidence of potential violations" of the statutes that dictate how classified information should be handled. Rep. Jim Jordan, a Republican who was been a sharp critic of the FBI's handling of the Clinton email investigation, told CNN: "Everything that I've heard reinforces what I believed before" McCabe came in for the Thursday interview. On Thursday, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte defended the two panels' focus on the Clinton email investigation, saying it is consistent with their focus on FBI decisions made in the 2016 elections. McCabe was the first witness. "This investigation was announced two months ago, and this is the first interview and we are gathering documents," Goodlatte, R-Virginia, told CNN. Told that Democrats called the probe an effort to distract from the Russia investigation, Goodlatte said: "That's definitely not right." Criticism of FBI from Republicans McCabe has come under fire in recent days from Republicans amid the release of anti-Trump text messages sent between FBI agent Peter Strzok, who was removed from Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller's team when the messages were discovered, and FBI lawyer Lisa Page. The text messages also criticized liberals, including Sen. Bernie Sanders and Chelsea Clinton. Several Republicans, including Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley, have called for his removal. The criticism of McCabe comes as a growing number of Republicans are questioning the credibility of Mueller's investigation into possible collusion between Trump's team and Russian officials. Republicans have pointed to the anti-Trump texts as well as connections between the FBI and Fusion GPS, the firm that paid for the opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia. But Democrats argue that the Republican criticisms of McCabe and the FBI are an effort to undermine Mueller as his investigation ramps up, and to give Trump cover should he try to remove Mueller, a step the White House insists is not on the table. "This hearing is part of an ongoing Republican attempt to divert attention," said Rep. Jerrold Nadler of New York, the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee. "I mean, this hearing occurred with very little prior notice, with weeks before the relevant documents are obtained, but although we're expecting the relevant documents. And suddenly we're told we have an emergency hearing." First in a series with FBI witnesses Thursday's hearing is the first connected to the joint investigation into Comey's handling of the Clinton email case that was launched earlier this year by the Oversight and Judiciary committees. Both sides say they expect this is the first in a series of hearings involving FBI witnesses, and the two committee have asked for at least two other senior FBI officials to appear. Thursday's hearing behind closed doors was considered "confidential," but not classified, according to Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Oversight panel. As part of the agreement, McCabe did not discuss topics that touched on Mueller investigation, Cummings said. But the House Intelligence Committee's hearing, which lasted roughly eight hours Tuesday, did touch on topics Mueller's inquiry appears to be covering, sources said. In particular, the panel pressed McCabe to discuss his interactions with Comey, who contended that on multiple occasions Trump reached out to him, including over dinner. Earlier this year, Comey testified that he briefed senior FBI officials about at least two conversations with Trump: The January dinner where Trump asked for loyalty, and the February meeting where Trump asked Comey to go easy on former national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was under FBI investigation. In his bombshell testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee in June, Comey did not identify McCabe by name, only saying that he briefed "the FBI leadership team" about his interactions with Trump. McCabe testified this week that Comey did in fact tell him about these conversations. <N> AFRMA The American Fancy Rat and Mouse Association  was founded in 1983 and is a non-profit international club. Anyone that has an interest in rats or mice can be a member. The main purpose of AFRMA is to promote and encourage the breeding and exhibition of fancy rats and mice. We also educate the public on their positive qualities as companion animals and provide information on their proper care. Competition shows are held several times a year in Southern California. These shows are very similar to cat, rabbit, or dog shows. Judges evaluate the animals based on official standards for each type of rat or mouse. We also have Pet Shows in conjunction with our regular shows that are dedicated to pets only with fun classes for rats and mice regardless of their physical qualities. The club has information booths set up at several events around Southern California during each year, including the Americas Family Pet Expo in Costa Mesa, to educate the public on rats and mice as pets and show animals. Views AFRMA as a club does not hold any views on, nor promote the matters of culling, reptile keeping/feeding, or animal rights. We leave these decisions up to each individual person. We have always been open to the different views the membership has and hope we can all learn from these different ideas. Any ideas or view expressed in AFRMA Rat & Mouse Tales are of the individual contributor and do not reflect any policy of the organization. Membership As a member you receive AFRMAs magazine-style newsletter Rat & Mouse Tales. It contains articles, stories, questions, medical information, genetics info., ads, show results, photos, etc. Membership also includes the Bylaws, Show Regulations & Standards Book, Directory, membership card, and other informative materials. We have pamphlets on pet care, showing, medical, etc., available online to those interested. Join The Club! A printable membership application form is available to mail in or use our PayPal option. <N> By Nichole Royer There are a number of reasons why you might want to bathe your rats. Quite often male rats will develop scaly, yellow skin on their backs, and an occasional bath will eliminate this. Even the cleanest of rats may get into something. (Mine found the stamp pads one day. I came home to foot prints (rat art) all over, and very colorful critters.) Those people who show their rats routinely give them baths before shows. As one of those people who bathe their rats before shows, I have found it makes the job much simpler if I have all the equipment on hand. This is also invaluable if you run into an emergency (i.e. stamped rats) in which you need to get your rats clean quickly. With this in mind I have put together a kit which contains everything I use. Bathing kit A plastic box large enough to hold all of the following: Nail clippers Kwik-Stop A mild shampoo made for cats A soft toothbrush 2 towels A small blow dryer with a low cool setting A soft dog or cat brush A bag of rat treats Those people who show may also want to include some of the following: Bluing shampoo (made for white cats) Shampoo made for dark or black cats Coat conditioner Coat conditioning spray Dry shampoo Coat powder Depending on your rats, you may also want to include: Medicated shampoo with hydrocortisone (for rats with scabs) Hypoallergenic shampoo (for rats with skin sensitivities) Shampoo containing aloe Very mild kitten flea shampoo (dilute 50% or more) Everyone has a method of bathing which works best for them. For those people who are either unhappy with their own way, or have never tried bathing a rat, the following has always worked well for me. Trim the rats nails. It is always a good idea to do this first, otherwise you may get scratched. It is easiest if you make this a two person job, one to hold the rat and another to clip. Only take off the very tips of each nail, since trimming too short will cut the quick and cause bleeding. If you do accidentally clip the quick (it does occasionally happen) dip the toe in Kwik-Stop. Use either the bathroom or kitchen sink. Turn on the faucet so that you have a stream of warm, but not hot water. Gently hold the rat under the stream of water until it is thoroughly wet. Use your hand to scoop water onto the rats head, being sure to keep it out of the eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. Set the rat on a towel and gently lather it with shampoo, being careful to keep it off the face. On male rats with scaly skin on their backs (or rats who have gotten into something messy), it is often necessary to do more than just lather with shampoo. I like to lather the rat, then take a soft toothbrush and comb its fur from behind the ears to the base of the tail (or repeatedly over the soiled area). This may need to be repeated. Hold the rat under the running water and rinse out the shampoo (avoiding sensitive areas on the face). Repeat lathering and rinsing as needed until the rat is clean. Dip the toothbrush in shampoo and gently scrub the rats tail until it is clean. Be very gentle, its easy to damage the tail skin, and always rub from base to tip, not the other way around. Rinse well. Place the rat on a dry towel and briskly dry. Depending on the weather, your preferences, and the rats temperament, you may want to use a blow dryer and a brush to completely dry the rat. Use a low, cool setting, and brush while drying. Often the rat will feel more comfortable sitting on your lap during this process. Give your rat a treat and let him know how good hes been. Back to top <N> Its very easy to look at an animal mimicking a human-like behavior and think Wow! That animal is doing a human thing! It looks so cute and happy (because humans are so cute and happy, right?) That is almost never the case. If an animal looks weird, it probably is weirdand not in a good way. Take this new shower rat video that everyone is sharing. There is a rat (actually, more likely a pacarana, the South American rodent), covered in what looks like soap, standing in a tub. It scrubs at its armpits and rubs its face. It looks just like its taking a human-style shower. Advertisement Why does the rat pacarana look so weird while it is cleaning itself? Probably because its not cleaning itself, at least, not in the purposely soaped itself up like a human kind of way. The movements are pretty strange, Tuomas Aivelo, researcher in Urban Rat biology at the University of Helsinki in Finland told Gizmodo. A rat wouldnt do that unless theres something it really wants to get rid of. I think its soapy all over. Thats probably a problem for the rat. It just wants to get rid of the soap. Advertisement Maybe whatever its scrubbing at is uncomfortable, or even an irritant. Its totally possible, said Aivelo, when I asked if the rat was in pain. When rats rodents groom themselves as part of regular cleaning, they scrub and lick and use their teeth. But it does not look anything like what youre seeing here. Take a look: I have reached out to the videos creator and will update the post if I hear back. Sorry to ruin the fun. But no, what most likely happened is that someone squeezed soap onto a rats pacaranas body. Rats Pacaranas do not normally use soap. The rat pacarana did not like it, and is trying to get the soap off. Advertisement [Caster/YouTube] Update 10:00AM ET: We updated the headline to make it clearer whats really going on. Additionally, Fordham Universitys Jason Munshi-South had this to add: Not much to say about this. The whole pizza rat / selfie rat / Zardulu nonsense makes me very skeptical of any of these viral videos. My guess is that someone soaped up that rat and it is trying to groom itself, or it has been trained to act this way. Probably someones pet. Hard to know without more information, though. Update 1/30/18 8:30AM ET: Several zoologists (and Newsweeks Kristin Hugo) have noted that the animals size, limbs and short tail imply that its actually a pacarana, a large South American rodent that is not a rat. The point still stands that it is probably very uncomfortable, rat or no. Or perhaps its totally fine and my rat experts were wrong. Weve updated the post throughout. <N> The video will start in 8 Cancel Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email CCTV footage has been released by police investigating a violent knife attack in Northolt . The incident left the victim, a 21-year-old man, with a deep cut across the left side of his face. Police were called to Shadwell Drive just before 6.30pm on May 1 to reports of a serious assault outside a property. The victim was standing on the road when he was approached by a group of men on bicycles. He was slashed across the face by one of the gang before they rode off. He was taken to an east London hospital where he needed stitches for his wound. Police have now issued CCTV taken from a nearby address which appears to capture the moment of attack. The suspect is a black man wearing blue jeans, a blue jumper and a black jacket. Anyone with any information is asked to contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. <N> A teenager slashed a man across the face with a hunting knife in an unprovoked attack that was caught on CCTV. Joseph Kaczorowski and five other young men went up to the unnamed 21-year-old as he walked with a friend in Northolt, west London, last year. Film showed Kaczorowski swinging the knife and slashing the man across the face, leaving him with a 7cm deep cut across the cheek, Isleworth crown court heard. Homebase worker Kaczorowski, now 18, of Ealing, West London, was sentenced to 18 months detention for unlawful wounding and nine months for possession of an offensive weapon. The sentences will run concurrently. <N> The designers behind the black dresses and outfits at this year's Golden Globes have announced plans to auction them off and donate all the proceeds to Time's Up, the actress-backed charity that aims to create a legal-defense fund for victims of sexual discrimination, harassment, and abuse. Red-carpet pieces worn by Reese Witherspoon, Tracee Ellis Ross, Viola Davis, Salma Hayek, and more will be available on ebay.com/TimesUp from Jan. 19 (at noon ET) through Jan. 26, as part of a partnership between Cond Nast and eBay for Charity. Suits worn by Jude Law, Hugh Jackman, Neil Patrick Harris, and others will also be available. The minimum donation required will be $25. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Getty Images "Through this auction powered by eBay for Charity, and harnessing the compelling pull of both fashion and activism," Cond Nast artistic director Anna Wintour said in a statement to Vanity Fair, "we're hopeful that the black dresses worn at this year's historic Golden Globe Awards will raise funds for the Time's Up initiative and serve to support the stories and voices of those who have been victims of sexual misconduct." Get non-boring fashion and beauty news directly in your feed. Follow Facebook.com/CosmoBeauty. Follow Rachel on Twitter and Instagram. <N> The latest sexual harassment controversy on Capitol Hill is coming from a woman Democratic lawmaker, who recently seemed to suggest that women themselves are inviting the harassment with the clothes they wear. At a private Democratic caucus meeting this morning, Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-OH) reportedly chastised her fellow women Congress members and staffers for wearing revealing clothing, according to a report by Politicos Heather Caygle. I saw a member yesterday with her cleavage so deep it was down to the floor, Kaptur said, sources present told Politico. And what Ive seen  it's really an invitation. Kaptur, 71, added that women working on Capitol Hill should take prompts from the military or private corporations when choosing their outfits. Maybe Ill get booed for saying this, but many companies and the military [have] a dress code, she said. I have been appalled at some of the dress of ... members and staff. Men have to wear ties and suits. Kapturs comments reportedly left her colleagues in the room stunned, some people so much that their mouths fell open. In a statement provided to Politico, Kaptur later apologized for her comments. When I was first elected to Congress my office and I became a refuge for female staffers who had been mistreated by their bosses. Some of them in tears many days. It is something I carry with me to this day and something I brought up during our Caucus meeting," she said. "Under no circumstances is it the victim's fault if they are harassed in any way. I shared the stories from my time here in the context of the Me Too legislation and how we can elevate the decorum and the dress code to protect women from what is a pervasive problem here and in society at large. Earlier this year, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan relaxed the dress code in the House of Representatives after some women complained they were being barred from certain events or press conferences for wearing sleeveless dresses. <N> Corinne Fisher and Krystyna Hutchinson, the hosts of the hit podcast Guys We Fucked, are basically the poster women for the anti-slut-shaming movement. Each week on their show, they interview men theyve slept withnot to mention their fellow comedians and sex industry prosin order to, as they put it , "discuss sexual taboos and create a sex-positive environment." Their motto is clear: Women should be able to have sex with whoever they want, whenever they want, and not be ashamed or called sluts or whores." Their new book, F*cked: Being Sexually Explorative and Self-Confident in a World That's Screwed , further digs into topics like slut shaming and sex positivity, while also exploring how these two comedians became so open about their own experiences. They took some time out of their busy schedules for a conversation with Glamour about sexual freedom in the harrowing wake of #MeToo and how to lose that extra layer of built-in self-doubt that far too many women carry around. Lane Moore: In the book you talk a lot about getting rid of shame. How do you advise women on how to tackle that not only surface-level shame, but the deeper level of shame that has been programmed into them from birth? Corinne Fisher: It's definitely a process. And it depends how ingrained that shame is. I'm very fortunate that I didn't have a ton of shame ingrained in me, and I truly feel like that is part of the reason I was able to, like, kind of get ahead in my career faster. Because that wasn't weighing me down. Shame is so heavy, and it affects everything. We really had no idea when we started the podcast how deeply it can affect everyday romantic relationships, the way that you act in your office, the way you feel about your body, the kinds of sex that you're willing to try. It's just so many layers. So I think the way it starts is just by realizing that shame is made up, very simply. Krystyna Hutchinson: And then, beyond that, talking about whatever it is that you feel shame toward is going to help. The reason that we can say that for certain is because a lot of people have emailed us, saying that they feel so much better by just hearing other people talk about [shame] in an open way. Its oftentimes really helped them realize that it wasn't a big deal, and there was no reason to be ashamed. I definitely had shame ingrained in me from when I was little. When my mom tried to give me the sex talk when I was a kid, I kind of brushed it off, like, "Yeah, no, I already know about all that stuff cause school taught me." And then I met my first boyfriend and started dating him when I was 15, and three months into our relationship I lost my virginity to him, and my mom kind of sideways asked me about it at a restaurant one night. I didn't lie to her and I said, "I am no longer a virgin." And she left the restaurant and didn't talk to me for a couple days. It turns out my mom was sexually assaulted when she was a child, and she was worried that that was gonna happen to me when I became sexually active. Lane: On that same note, how do you deal with not able to speak up about what you need in the moment, or feeling frozen during sex? Because a lot of modern sex advice is very much just like, "Just tell [your partner]." But I know a lot of womenand some of them are survivorsfor whom, in the moment, they just freeze, and then at the end they're like, Wow, I got nothing I wanted, that was awful, I hated that. Krystyna: Well, I think one of the first things that you should make sure happens is that you talk about whatever it is you want before the clothes come off. It's very hard to have that conversation while someone's inside you. Lane: Yeah, for sure. Corinne: Im someone who [doesnt always] like to communicate verbally. I totally hear you on that because, while I do agree that it would be great to talk about things before sex, I know me as an individual. I'm never going to have that conversation. It's just not my personality. Lane: Usually I can't. I think it's the right way to do it, but it can just feel really awkward. Krystyna: I had a lot of sex in my earlier years where I never asked for what I wanted. But also it never occurred to me to ask for what I wanted. Then I've met partners, like my boyfriend now, who [are] so open about sex. And that was the first thing that really attracted me to him because he was very communicative in a way that I didn't even know a guy could be. So that really opened my mind. And then I started listening to Dan Savage too, and hearing him talk about these things in a really casual manner made me realize, Oh, you can bring this up if you want to, if that works for you, in a way that doesn't feel like you're in an AA meeting or something. You know, not that that's bad, but you want to have an open conversation that's more casual about it. Corinne: Right, as opposed to when you talk about it [in a way] that sounds like you're going to sit down for tea with a list of note cards or, like, make a contract the way they do in 50 Shades of Grey . I think that's kind of a preposterous notion. But what I don't think is an unattainable level of communication is something just giving small directions in the bedroom. You can make things positive in a way that it's not going to ruin the mood, like a positive reinforcement for things you like. It's a more digestible way to communicate. Lane: Krystyna, you also wrote a chapter about sexual assault where you describe a guy you slept with who ended up, basically, putting his penis in your asshole, and you were like, "Nope, not into that." And you say you had to tell him a few times before he stopped because he was drunk, and then you talk about how he felt really bad about it. You write that you feel like it only happened because he was drunk and you didnt categorize it as sexual assault. I know that you say in the book that neither one of you are sexual assault survivors, but in the wake of Me Too and the conversation that we're having right now about how sexual assault happens to almost all women and how so many women are told what does and doesn't count as assault, despite their own experiences, I wondered if you hesitated to include a chapter where you talk about not thinking that your experience with nonconsensual sex counted as sexual assault? And what were your thoughts on how you framed it? Krystyna: It's a really good question. I mean that technically falls under the category of sexual assault. One of the reasons why I think a lot of women don't want to label it as that or say rape is because then they're the raped girl. And that sucks. Being sexually assaulted is very inconvenient for many reasons: One, to your soul and what it does to you. But also because coming out as [a survivor, you think that] people look at you like a wounded puppy sometimes. I don't think any one person's reaction to their own assault is bad; it's just what it is. We hear very, very horrific accounts of sexual assault from our listeners, very detailed, very traumatic. I didn't want to categorize myself with them only because I didn't want to downplay what happened to the other women. It doesn't mean I'm trying to downplay anyone else's assault, but I wasn't traumatized, and it didn't shape who I was as a person. Corinne: We tried to be as inclusive as possible as far as, like, sexual orientation and gender and all that kind of stuff. But at the end of the day, we are just who we are and we're, you know, two white girls who have had pretty good lives. So to give advice to people with perhaps heavier pasts, I mean, that's just not really something that would be responsible for us to do. We start the conversation. Krystyna: We have a lot of hotline numbers and resources that hopefully will be around forever. But we wanted people to have those resources for victims of rape or resources about abortion. [ Editor's note: The number for the National Sexual Assault Hotline is 800-656-4673 and more info can be found here . You can also get a variety of sexual health questions answered via the Planned Parenthood Chat here . ] F*cked: Being Sexually Explorative and Self-Confident in a World That's Screwed is available now. You can check out the podcast Guys We Fucked here . Lane Moore is a writer, comedian, actor, musician, and the creator of Tinder Live. You can follow her on Twitter and Instagram . Interview has been edited for length and clarity. <N> Blog do Elias Lacerda  Uma postagem feita pelo cantor Tom Klber (veja na foto ao lado) em um grupo de whatsapp do restaurante Stio da Vov, do centro de Timon, provocou insatisfao no ex-secretrio Municipal de Esportes, Ulisses Waquim, filho da ex-prefeita Socorro Waquim e do ex-deputado federal Stimo Waquim. Na postagem, Klber colou vrias fotos de deputados federais dormindo em plenrio na Cmara Federal em Braslia. Entre eles, o ex-deputado Stimo Waquim. Na postagem, Klber escreveu: ta povo que trabalha. O cantor passou a integrar o grupo de whatsapp do restaurante aps passar por Timon na semana passada e ter estado naquele espao provando alguns pratos da casa, oportunidade que conversou e fez amizade com muitos dos presentes no estabelecimento (veja foto abaixo de Tom Klber  direita com o dono do restraurante, Ramalho Marinho). Para os amigos de Tom Klber, o cantor no teve a inteno de ofender ningum, mas para Ulisses Waquim e outros militantes alinhados do grupo da ex-prefeita Socorro Waquim e do ex-deputado Stimo Waquim, o cantor poderia ter evitado tal situao, afinal no grupo de whatsapp existem amigos e parentes de Stimo Waquim. Veja o texto abaixo escrito por Ulisses Waquim: Minha opinio sobre esta coincidncia. O Brasil  um pas dos contrrios, onde muitas pessoas que falam em justia e modelo de trabalho digno se esquecem um pouco da vida delas e do seu passado.Esses paladinos da justia incontestvel de planto so muito perigosos, pois s jogam pedra. Para resumir, as pessoas podem falar o que pensam sobre pessoas pblicas e vou aceitar essas criticas normais. Agora o Sr. Tom Clber antes de querer atingir a honra de um poltico de Timon, dentro de um grupo de whatssap de Timon, com amigos e familiares deste poltico,  muita coincidncia, independente de quem seja, olhe para suas atitudes porque toda ao tem uma reao. J vi o senhor tocar em Timon muitas vezes patrocinado pelo poder pblico da cidade e hoje volta a cidade por amizades de polticos locais. Ento fala dos polticos e usufrui deles. vamos deixar de hipocrisia. <N> O ato do parlamentar  uma reivindicao pela anulao do diretrio nacional do PT que definiu que, no Maranho, a legenda fecharia apoio a Roseana Sarney (PMDB) em vez do PCdoB do deputado federal Flvio Dino, como o diretrio estadual. J no cafezinho da Cmara, onde se rene um grupo de parlamentares que at fizeram um bolo com apostas do resultado do jogo, o desnimo imperava at o primeiro gol do Brasil. Achei o primeiro tempo horroroso, mesmo no entendendo nada de futebol, disse o lder do PSDB, Joo Almeida, que se juntou a outros parlamentares e apostou num placar de 6 x 1. J o oficial de Polcia Legislativa Marcos Brito, que sentava ao lado dos parlamentares na mesma sala do restaurante, atrs do plenrio da Cmara, ironizou os boleiros que criticaram a nova bola usada nas competies: A bola no tem culpa, no. Ela continua redonda. Esses jogadores  que so uma negao. Quietos na parte de trs da sala, dois auxiliares de servios gerais, Darlon Silva e William Veloso, tambm estavam desgostosos com o resultado do primeiro tempo. Ambos trabalham no restaurante e viram ao jogo na mesma sala que os parlamentares, mas no cogitaram participar do bolo. Aposta de R$ 50, no tem nem como, n?, disse sorrindo Veloso. <N> JV Joo Valadares Deputados se rendem ao sono durante a sesso de votao da MP dos Portos (foto: Alan Marques/Folha Imagem) A jornada histrica que varou a madrugada dessa quinta-feira encheu os deputados federais de orgulho. No tanto por terem aprovado a polmica Medida Provisria (MP) dos Portos. Muito mais pela cena rara, veiculada pelas TVs para todo o Brasil, em que eles foram mostrados trabalhando por tantas horas seguidas  41 no total. O presidente da Cmara, Henrique Eduardo Alves (PMDB-RN), instalou at um banner com o logotipo da Casa para conceder entrevista. Daqueles em que os heris e viles, aps uma partida de futebol, posicionam-se para falar em frente s cmeras.Cansado, aps cumprir a misso, Alves no perdeu tempo. A partir de hoje, o povo brasileiro, que assistiu a esse debate recorde na histria do parlamento, vai poder se orgulhar mais desta Casa, afirmou. O presidente da Casa suou para conseguir aprovar a matria. A votao de todas as emendas s foi concluda s 2h17. O alvio, no entanto, durou pouco tempo. O drama comeou a ser desenhado quando restava apenas a votao do texto final da MP. Era votar e correr para o abrao. Mas, quando a nova sesso foi aberta, no havia mais qurum. Muitos deixaram o plenrio no momento em que os destaques foram votados. Outros dormiam na liderana, aps serem flagrados pela imprensa roncando confortavelmente no sof do cafezinho.Para votar a redao final, era necessria a presena de, no mnimo, 257 deputados. Faltavam mais de 60. De barriga cheia, depois de comerem a galinhada feita por funcionrias do deputado Fbio Ramalho (PV-MG) e assistir  eliminao do Corinthians na Libertadores, muitos sumiram. A derrota do governo se desenhava. Desesperados, governistas procuram os correligionrios. Foi um festival de ligaes de celular. Todos ao mesmo tempo ligando para os colegas. Parlamentares da oposio, mesmo caindo de sono, j comemoravam.Diante da derrota que se construa, Henrique Eduardo Alves declarou que, se em 30 minutos o qurum no fosse atingido, a sesso seria encerrada. Vrios deputados da oposio registraram a presena para demonstrar a derrota do governo e tambm no levarem falta numa sesso considerada histrica. Os minutos se passaram e nada de qurum. Henrique Alves ento mudou a estratgia e avisou que esperaria o tempo que fosse necessrio. Uma nova operao de resgate foi montada. Deputados foram acordados por colegas em casa. A mobilizao ocorreu entre as 2h20 e as 7h20.Teve gente que foi pego em restaurante e em festas. Um grupo chegou com cheiro de bebida alcolica, relata um parlamentar. E, aos poucos, a ttica de trazer os deputados pelo brao foi obtendo sucesso. Mesmo a contragosto, os congressistas voltaram e encheram o plenrio novamente. Um deles chegou a entrar no local sem gravata. Por volta das 8h, a sesso atingiu o qurum e, com 353 deputados, a MP dos Portos foi aprovada s 9h43. <N> Sesso durou quase 23 horas seguidas (Foto: Jos Cruz/ABr) Em uma sesso que durou quase 23 horas seguidas, o Plenrio da Cmara dos Deputados concluiu a votao da Medida Provisria 595/12, a MP dos Portos, que estabelece novas regras para as concesses e autorizaes de portos pblicos e terminais privados. Entenda o que prev o texto da MP Aps diversos trmites, o governo decidiu apoiar a possibilidade facultativa de prorrogao de contratos de arrendamento firmados segundo as regras da Lei 8.630/93 (Lei dos Portos), por uma nica vez, pelo prazo mximo previsto contratualmente. Como condio, o arrendatrio ter de fazer investimentos para expanso e modernizao das instalaes porturias. Foi determinado ainda ao Executivo o envio, ao Congresso, de relatrio anual detalhado sobre contratos em vigor, relao de instalaes exploradas com autorizao, lista de contratos licitados e outros dados. Ao todo, o Plenrio votou desde a manh de quarta-feira dez destaques e uma emenda em cerca de 15 horas de sesses. O texto principal da MP j havia sido aprovado na noite de tera. O texto agora segue para aprovao do Senado, onde precisa ser votado ainda hoje. A MP perde a validade  meia-noite desta quinta. A sesso no Senado est marcada para s 11h. Compartilhar Deixe seu comentrio Ateno: Os comentrios so de responsabilidade de seus autores e no representam a opinio da Band.  vetada a insero de comentrios que violem a lei, a moral e os bons costumes ou violem direitos de terceiros. A Band poder retirar, sem prvia notificao, comentrios postados que no respeitem os critrios impostos neste aviso ou que estejam fora do tema proposto. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. <N> BRASLIA - A oposio no Senado j admite que ser derrotada na votao da MP 595, a MP dos Portos. O senador lvaro Dias (PSDB-PR) afirmou nesta tarde que os oposicionistas no tm votos suficientes para prolongar a sesso nem para derrubar a proposta. "Numericamente a oposio  muito pequena (no Senado). Certamente no chegaremos  meia-noite", disse o senador. O governo precisa votar a MP at o final do dia de hoje para que a medida no caduque. "Sem gerar falsas expectativas, acreditamos na nossa prpria derrota", resumiu o senador. Reservadamente, outros parlamentares da oposio tambm acreditam que o mandado de segurana impetrado no Supremo Tribunal Federal, para suspender a sesso de hoje, dificilmente ser aceito. Mais cedo, os lderes do DEM, PSDB e PSOL entraram com um mandado de segurana para anular a sesso de hoje, sob o argumento de que no haveria tempo hbil para o Senado analisar o texto-base e as alteraes promovidas na Cmara dos Deputados. Em mais de 20 horas de sesso na quarta-feira (veja a galeria de fotos abaixo), a Cmara aprovou a redao final da medida, que tem por objetivo modernizar os portos brasileiros. Por volta das 18 horas desta quinta, o plenrio do Senado aprovou um requerimento do lder do PT, Wellington Dias (PI), que encerrou a fase dos debates da MP. Na prtica, a medida tem por objetivo iniciar logo a votao da MP. Senadores da base aliada esperam que at as 21 horas a votao possa ser encerrada. Desde as 11 horas, parlamentares da oposio tem se revezado ao microfone para tentar adiar, o quanto for possvel, a apreciao do mrito do MP. Pelo menos 15 integrantes do PSDB, Democratas e do PSOL j se pronunciaram. Assim como fez na Cmara, a oposio tem prontas cerca de 10 emendas para tentar alterar a MP com o objetivo principal de levar a votao para alm da meia-noite de hoje, o que levar  derrubada da MP por perda de validade. Na defesa do seu requerimento, o lder do PT disse que a matria foi amplamente debatida e que j se poderia comear a votao. O presidente do Democratas, senador Agripino Maia (RN), classificou a votao de hoje como uma sesso de cartas marcadas. " uma sesso de cartas marcadas e j se sabe o resultado", admitiu em plenrio. (Com Ricardo Brito e Las Alegretti, da Agncia Estado) <N> A sesso da Cmara de Vereadores da ultima sexta feira, 17 de maio, teve a aprovao de dois Projetos de Lei alterando o nome da unidade escolar Pato Donald, do povoado Arroz, que agora se chamar Frederico Flix Teixeira, nome do pai do lder local e ex-vereador Nonatinho e a o da escola Lrios dos Vales, do povoado Creol do Bina, que ser chamada de Maria Mercedes Costa, uma grande matriarca e liderana do povoado, me do vereador Jos do Feliciano. Tendo tambm dois projetos de utilidade pblica das associaes dos povoados So Loureno e Canto Grande, que foram aprovados. Mas o melhor ficou por conta do embate entre os dois vereadores de oposio Josivan Bilio e Jeov Sousa. Bilio que j havia se pronunciado contra o casamento entre casais do mesmo sexo, usou a tribuna para afrontar os vereadores Marcos do Carlito e Jeov Sousa ambos representantes direto do povoado Ipu-iru. Josivan desqualificou a ideia de o povoado passar a ser cidade, com isso os vereadores Jeov e Marcos saram em defesa do Ipu-iru. Segundo o vereador Marcos, o Josivan deveria fazer com que sua associao pagasse os quase 5 milhes que deve aos bancos pblicos. Em conversa com o vereador Marcos por telefone aps a sesso ele falou que nada que o Josivan falou atrapalha o processo do povoado Ipu-iru vim a ser cidade. Outro vereador que usou o plenrio da casa na ultima sexta feira, 17, foi o vereador Jota que em parte de seu pronunciamento falou sobre a cirurgia que este blogueiro passou e falou sobre a nossa (Blog Tuntum News) importncia para o processo. <N> 1. Parlamentar dorme durante votao em Braslia zoom_out_map 1 /7 Parlamentar dorme durante votao em Braslia (Alan Marques/Folhapress) Parlamentar dorme durante votao em Braslia 2. Senadora Marta Suplicy (PT-SP) come biscoito durante sesso que aprovou texto da manobra fiscal zoom_out_map 2 /7 Senadora Marta Suplicy (PT-SP) come biscoito durante sesso que aprovou texto da manobra fiscal (Alan Marques/Folhapress) Senadora Marta Suplicy (PT-SP) come biscoito durante sesso que aprovou texto da manobra fiscal 3. O senador Jos Sarney boceja durante votao em Braslia zoom_out_map 3 /7 O senador Jos Sarney boceja durante votao em Braslia (Alan Marques/Folhapress) O senador Jos Sarney boceja durante votao em Braslia 4. Deputado Henrique Alves (PMDB-RN), presidente da Cmara, oferece frutas aos colegas parlamentares zoom_out_map 4 /7 Deputado Henrique Alves (PMDB-RN), presidente da Cmara, oferece frutas aos colegas parlamentares (Alan Marques/Folhapress) Deputado Henrique Alves (PMDB-RN), presidente da Cmara, oferece frutas aos colegas parlamentares 5. Parlamentar dorme durante votao em Braslia zoom_out_map 5 /7 Parlamentar dorme durante votao em Braslia (Alan Marques/Folhapress) Parlamentar dorme durante votao em Braslia 6. Parlamentares dormem durante votao em Braslia zoom_out_map 6 /7 Parlamentares dormem durante votao em Braslia (Alan Marques/Folhapress) Parlamentares dormem durante votao em Braslia 7. A senadora Gleisi Hoffmann (PT-PR) com a filha durante votao zoom_out_map 7/7 A senadora Gleisi Hoffmann (PT-PR) com a filha durante votao (Alan Marques/Folhapress) A senadora Gleisi Hoffmann (PT-PR) com a filha durante votao Apesar do clima acalorado das discusses que permearam a aprovao, pelo Congresso, da manobra fiscal do governo para maquiar o descumprimento da meta do supervit primrio, nem todos os parlamentares conseguiram manter-se despertos ao longo das mais de 18 horas de sesso. Em meio aos conturbados debates houve quem fizesse pautas para um cochilo. J outros recorreram aos biscoitos e frutas para aguentar em plenrio o trmino dos trabalhos. Somente s 4h57, o presidente Renan Calheiros encerrou a sesso. A votao, entretanto, ainda no foi encerrada. Faltou qurum para a anlise da ltima emenda ao texto: de autoria do PSDB, a proposta altera o projeto e inclui uma limitao nas despesas discricionrias, de forma que o governo s possa gastar o mesmo montante executado no oramento do ano anterior. <N> Update | A burned corpse hanging upside down. Three men standing side by side with scars covering the wounds from their stolen internal organs. Human beings for sale. Those are the searing images of the modern-day slavery taking place across Libya, posted by a former Nigerian minister after a CNN investigation revealed that Nigerian migrants were being sold into slavery by smugglers for $200. Roasted alive, tweeted former Nigerian aviation minister Femi Fani-Kayode. This is what Libyans do to sub-Saharan Africans who are looking for a transit point to Europe. They sell them into slavery and either murder, mutilate, torture or work them to death. Fani-Kayode quoted a report claiming that 75 percent of those sold into the Libyan slave trade were southern Nigerians who'd had their organs harvested and their bodies burned or mutilated. It is unclear whether Fani-Kayode's images are authentic. In the one featuring the burned corpse, a soldier standing nearby is wearing an Iraqi military uniform, suggesting that the picture was not connected to the Libyan slave trade. But it is clear that the former government minister was trying to put pressure on current Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari for remaining silent on the trade of his people. Buhari did finally make a statement after the photos were posted, saying he would bring back the Nigerians stranded in Libya and discourage Nigerians from fleeing the country. Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now We will ensure they all return home safely and are rehabilitated, he said. Fani-Kayode is pushing Nigeria to go to war with Libya. If there were ever a reason or cause for us to go to war, the Libyans have provided it by enslaving our people and buying and selling them like Christmas turkeys and sallah goats, he tweeted, posting an image that may not be authentic. No human being deserves to be caged like an animal and roasted like suya meat.  So far, 242 Nigerians have been returned from Libya. A majority had been living in detention camps, while others asked to be brought back home, according to CNN. The United Nations Security Council met in an emergency session this week to consider applying sanctions and the full range of international law against the smugglers involved in the slave trade. Celebrities including musical artist Pharrell Williams, rapper Common and civil rights activist Reverend Al Sharpton brought attention to the cause, tweeting about the slave trade to their millions of followers. This story was updated to strengthen the suspicion that Fani-Kayode's Twitter posts featured inauthentic pictures designed to pressure Nigeria to attack Libya. <N> A burned corpse hanging upside down. Three men standing side by side with scars covering the wounds from their stolen internal organs. Human beings for sale. These are the searing images of modern day slavery taking place across Libya, posted by a former Nigerian minister after a CNN investigation revealed that Nigerian migrants are being sold into slavery by smugglers for $200. Roasted alive, tweeted former Nigerian Aviation Minister Femi Fani-Kayode. This is what Libyans do to sub-Saharan Africans who are looking for a transit point to Europe. They sell them into slavery and either murder, mutilate, torture or work them to death. Fani-Kayode quoted a report claiming that 75 percent of those sold into the Libyan slave trade are southern Nigerians who have their organs harvested and their bodies burned or mutilated. Earlier in the week, Fani-Kayode had called out Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari for remaining silent on the trade of his people, but Buhari now says he is working to bring back stranded Nigerians in Libya and to discourage more Nigerians from fleeing the country. We will ensure they all return home safely and are rehabilitated, he said. But Fani-Kayode had a more drastic proposition for the country. He tweeted that Nigeria should go to war with Libya. If there were ever a reason or cause for us to go to war, the Libyans have provided it by enslaving our people and buying and selling them like Christmas turkeys and sallah goats, he tweeted. No human being deserves to be caged like an animal and roasted like suya meat.  So far, 242 Nigerians have been returned from Libya. A majority had been living in the detention camps, while others asked to be brought back home, according to CNN The United Nations Security Council met in an emergency session this week to consider applying sanctions and the full range of international law against the smugglers involved in the slave trade. Celebrities are also bringing attention to the cause, including musical artist Pharrell Williams, rapper Common and civil rights activist Reverend Al Sharpton, who tweeted about the slave trade to their millions of followers. <N> Niagara Falls comes to a halt AGAIN: Millions of gallons of cascading water is frozen in bitter temperatures For the second time in what has been a frigid winter in the Northeastern United States, Niagara falls has come to an icy halt as the six million cubic feet of water that typically flow over the falls every minute has frozen over. The flow of water over the falls typically can withstand icy temperatures like those that have frozen much of the country this winter, but Monday's high of 9 degrees Fahrenheit brought Niagara Falls to a standstill - and photographers were there to snap some stunning images of the frozen waterfall. In January, another record-breaking cold front managed to freeze the mighty falls in a 'polar vortex' that turned the cascading water to ice - and affected about 240 million people in the U.S. and southern Canada. No thaw is expected anytime soon, as temperatures at the western New York tourist attraction will dip below 0 degrees Fahrenheit Monday night through Tuesday morning. Scroll down for video Frozen: Lights that usually reflect the water of Niagara Falls illuminate the ice after it froze over on Monday Rare: It is uncommon for the rushing water to freeze over the Falls, but it has happened twice so far this winter Icy: A man is pictured walking in front of the partially frozen American side of the Falls as subfreezing temperatures freeze the Northeast Take two: The Falls has frozen twice this winter. In January when a polar vortex gripped north America, the American Falls froze over Bundle up: People walk along the U.S. side of the Falls bundled up to protect against the subfreezing temperatures Take two: This is the second time Niagara Falls have frozen over this winter, which is rare for the western New York tourist attraction Brrr: The temperatures at the Falls were at a high of 9 degrees F on Monday, with a low of -1 Photo op: A man stops to take a photo of the steam rising from the partially frozen Falls Beautiful: Mist rises over the Horseshoe Falls section of Niagara Falls during subfreezing temperatures Frozen: Some water continues to flow over the Falls despite the frigid temperatures Mist: Mist rises above the partially frozen Niagara Falls in subfreezing temperatures Horseshoe: The Horseshoe Falls are almost completely frozen over and mist rises above the icy water Eerie: As the freezing temperatures grip the natural wonder, plumes of mist billow from the water, creating an eerie atmosphere Gorgeous: Lights illuminate the frozen Falls as temperatures drop into single digits <N> Title Great mass of frozen spray and ice-bound American Falls Niagara Medium Photograph Extent 4.75" x 5.5" black & white Description from a stereo image by Underwood & Underwood Notes After years of dangerous annual trips out onto the ice bridge, they were finally put to an end after a tragedy that took three lives ; the lives of a honeymoon couple and a teenage boy. Yesterday's accident will serve as an excuse for prohibiting tourists from entering upon any ice bridge that may form in the future...the bridge that proved fatal to three yesterday gave every promise of continuing intact for the remainder of the season and into Spring. In fact it gave such an appearance of solidity that three shacks were erected on it Saturday and much business was expected yesterday afternoon. Last night signs were posted forbidding any attmept to walk upon the ice. The Courier, February 1912. Provenance Earl Brydges Public Library, Niagara Falls, N.Y. Date 1902. Collection Niagara Falls Heritage Foundation Collection Old Call Number v.17 p.13 Rights Holder 1902 Rights Earl W. Brydges Public Library Subject Niagara River - Ice Niagara River - Lower Niagara Falls - General Niagara Falls - American Falls Place Name Niagara (river) Niagara (river) Niagara Falls (waterfall) Record ID 89375 Digital image Format image/jpeg Size 750px X 889px Resolution 150ppi X 150ppi Digitization B&W Scan Equipment HP ScanJet 7400 Date 2006-03-02 Physical items Filing No. Format D10210 Photograph <N> DW: In your nonfiction book "Hotel Florida: Truth, Love, and Death in the Spanish Civil War" you write about three couples that participated in the war, which began 80 years ago on July 17, 1936: The writers Ernest Hemingway (pictured, center) and Martha Gellhorn are the most famous ones, followed by photographers Robert Capa and Gerda Taro. Why did you choose these perspectives when writing about the Spanish Civil War? Amanda Vaill Amanda Vaill: I've long been attracted to the ways in which culture changed over the course of the 20th century, and the Spanish Civil War seemed to offer an especially dramatic look at that. It was the first major conflict to be covered on the spot, at the front lines, by journalists and photographers. As an ideological conflict between the right and the left, it attracted not just run-of-the-mill war correspondents but a number of the most important writers and cultural figures of its day, all of them determined to cover what one of them, the journalist Claud Cockburn, called "the decisive thing of this century." To bring the conflict and its coverage to life I chose to write about two of the most celebrated artists involved in it: Ernest Hemingway - whose most successful book, "For Whom the Bell Tolls," was based on his war experience - and Robert Capa, whose reputation was established by the extraordinary photographs he took during it. To provide the Spanish viewpoint, without which I couldn't have written the book, I included Arturo Barea, whose career as a writer began as a result of his dangerous and courageous work in the war. And to counterbalance these men - because the Spanish Civil War was also the first conflict in which women served in the military and as combat journalists - I wrote about the three women involved with them, each of whom did work that was just as outstanding: Martha Gellhorn, Gerda Taro, and Ilsa Kulcsar. Finally, I took as an inspiration something Hemingway said: "It is very dangerous to write the truth in war." Each of these men and women was trying, after his or her fashion, to tell the truth about something very complicated, and the ways in which each succeeded, in their work and in their lives, was a story I wanted to write. Compared to World War I and II, knowledge of the Spanish Civil War (July 17, 1936-April 1, 1939) is not particularly widespread. In your narrative historical book, you describe how the first internal conflict of Spanish Republican troops struggling against the fascist dictator Francisco Franco takes on a bigger focus. Why was the Civil War in Spain relevant for what happened afterwards in Europe? The Spanish Civil War started in 1936 when pro-fascist Nationalists under the leadership of Francisco Franco, encouraged by the Roman Catholic Church and the country's landed aristocracy, staged an armed rebellion against Spain's democratically elected but emphatically Socialist-leaning coalition government. At this point, years of worldwide economic depression had left many in doubt about the wisdom of free-market capitalism; National Socialism for some, and communism for others, appeared to offer alternatives, and Spain became a proxy battleground where these ideologies could be tested militarily. It wasn't an equal struggle, though. The western democracies, which were still traumatized by the carnage of the Great War of 1914-1918, imposed an official arms embargo on both sides in Spain; but Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy immediately sent men and material to Franco. Although the Soviet Union began advising and arming the Loyalists and urging unofficial brigades of left-leaning foreigners to join them, the Loyalists were still at a severe disadvantage. Three years and 400,000 lives later, they lost the battle. But the war itself continued, as Hitler and Mussolini applied the military lessons they'd learned in Spain - including how to exploit the passivity of France, England, and the United States - to launching the Second World War. Ernest Hemingway was the most prominent foreigner among the writers, journalists and actors that sided with the Spanish Republicans and traveled to Spain. Also present where the French writer Antoine de Saint-Exupry, the British writer George Orwell, the German actor Ernst Busch and the writer Erich Weinert. Was it the first time that so many international people, especially from cultural fields, supported one side in a war? Ernest Hemingway (second from left) and Dutch filmmaker Joris Ivens (left.) visit troops during the Spanish Civil War Intellectuals have often involved themselves in war, at least retroactively, but because the Spanish Civil War was primarily about ideas and not territory it seemed to demand intellectual or artistic commitment. On the left, the Comintern - the worldwide union of domestic Communist parties - and other groups organized numerous congresses and conferences of concerned intellectuals, such as the meeting of the League of American Writers addressed by Hemingway in New York, and the International Congress of Writers for the Defense of Culture held in Valencia and Madrid. Left-leaning periodicals such as "Ce Soir" in France and "Ken" in the United States were founded to spread news and opinions to like-minded readers, and left-wing filmmakers such as Joris Ivens made documentary films in support of the Loyalists. Although they were countered on the right by many establishment newspapers such as "The New York Times," by publications of the Roman Catholic Church, and by groups such as Action Franaise, the left seemed to win the battle of numbers intellectually. It didn't do them a lot of good, obviously. But on both sides, whether the work was manipulative propaganda or a sincere attempt to grapple with serious issues, it did provide an example of public intellectualism that was carried on in the days after World War II by the Existentialists and, in the United States, by both the New Left and the Neo-Conservatives, by those writers and artists involved with the Baader-Meinhof gang [in Germany], and many others. The violence in the Middle East certainly attracts intellectual involvement, or at least comment, today, and I think that some of the ambiguity and difficulty of the issues in the Spanish Civil War is reflected there as well. During and after the Spanish Civil War the way of reporting from a war changed because young photographer Robert Capa and Gerda Taro started to get close to the action. Capa carried on this new method of war photography during World War II and became the most significant war photographer of the 20th century. Martha Gellhorn started her long carrier as a war correspondent in Spain. Does their new war journalism still have an impact on today's way of reporting from wars and conflicts? Capa famously said, "If your pictures aren't good enough, you're not close enough." Certainly he lived and died by that maxim - as did Gerda Taro, who was killed in Spain covering the Battle of Brunete. It has become more and more dangerous to write the truth in war, as Hemingway described it, and correspondents are often killed covering their stories. Capa, Taro, Ernie Pyle, George Steer, Dickey Chapelle, Marie Colvin, Anja Niedringhaus - the list is long and getting longer, since the conflict in the Middle East today has claimed more journalists' lives than any other. In the name of a full and accurate picture of what is happening, we now ask those reporting on war to be on the firing line with combatants, to expose themselves to the same risks. Unless and until drones are used for combat photography I don't see things getting less dangerous and probably not even then. Amanda Vaill is the author of "Hotel Florida: Truth, Love, and Death in the Spanisch Civil War" and numerous other biographies and works of non-fiction. Up until 1992, she was an editor at Viking Press, where she worked with authors such as Ingmar Bergmann and T.C. Boyle. Amanda Vaill lives in New York City. <N> Orwell, the tall figure in the middle fighting in Spain with the Marxist POUM Partido Obrero de Unification Marxista. Orwell's wife Eileen is seated to his left .Orwell was shot in the throat His wife helped him escape to France after the members of the POUM were arrested by the republicans . The Battle for Spain: The Spanish Civil War 1936-1939 In December 1936, Orwell went to Spain as a fighter for the Republican side in the Spanish Civil War that was provoked by Francisco Franco's Fascist uprising . He did not join the International Brigade as most leftist did , but the little known Marxist POUM .In conversation with Philip Mairet, editor of New English Weekly , Orwell said: 'This fascism ... somebody's got to stop it'.To Orwell, liberty and democracy went together, guaranteeing, among other things, the freedom of the artist; the present capitalist civilization was corrupt, but fascism would be morally calamitous. The POUM Barcelona 1937 Orwell in back John McNair (18871968), quotes him: 'He then said that this [writing a book] was quite secondary, and [that] his main reason for coming was to fight against Fascism'. Orwell went alone; his wife, Eileen, joined him later. He joined the Independent Labour Party contingent, which consisted of some twenty-five Britons who had joined the militia of the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification (POUM - Partido Obrero de Unificacin Marxista), a revolutionary communist party. The POUM, and the radical wing of the anarcho-syndicalist CNT (Catalonia's dominant left-wing force), believed General Franco could be defeated only if the Republic's working class overthrew capitalism  a position at fundamental odds with the Spanish Communist Party, and its allies, which (backed by Soviet arms and aid) argued for a coalition with the bourgeois parties to defeat the fascist Nationalists. After July 1936 there was profound social revolution in Catalonia, Aragn, and wherever the CNT was strong, an egalitarian spirit sympathetically described in Homage to Catalonia . George Orwell - Spanish Civil War and Tea Fortuitously, Orwell joined the POUM, rather than the Communist International Brigades, but his experiences  especially his and Eileen's narrow escape during a Communist purge in Barcelona in June 1937  much increased his sympathies for the POUM, making him a life-long anti-Stalinist and firm believer in what he termed Democratic Socialism, socialism with free debate and free elections. In combat, Orwell was shot through the neck and nearly killed. At first, he feared his voice would be reduced to a permanent, painful whisper; this was not to be so, though the injury affected his voice, giving it "a strange, compelling quietness". He wrote in Homage to Catalonia that people frequently told him he was lucky to survive, but that he personally thought "it would be even luckier not to be hit at all". ' People then had something we haven't got now. They didn't think of the future as something to be terrified of..' Coming up for Air George and Eileen Orwell then lived in Morocco for half a year so he could recover from his wound. In that time, he wrote Coming Up for Air , his last novel before World War II. It is the most English of his novels; alarums of war mingle with images of idyllic Thames-side Edwardian childhood of protagonist George Bowling. The novel is pessimistic; industrialism and capitalism have killed the best of Old England, and there were great, new external threats. In homely terms, Bowling posits the totalitarian hypotheses of Borkenau, Orwell, Silone and Koestler: "Old Hitler's something different. So's Joe Stalin. They aren't like these chaps in the old days who crucified people and chopped their heads off and so forth, just for the fun of it ... They're something quite new ." <N> CELINA  The aftermath of Sundays tornado in Celina was still apparent Monday, with crews in bucket trucks repairing downed power lines and orange cones blocking streets still closed to traffic, all with the sound of chain saws cutting downed trees and hammers nailing tarps onto damaged rooftops. With areas of the city still without power Monday, damage assessment was ongoing after the EF2 tornado whipped through Celina on Sunday. A second tornado, also an EF2, was confirmed in the vicinity of St. Anthony in western Mercer County. According to Midwest Electric, the storm caused just more than 1,000 of its customers to lose power Sunday, with almost all restored by midnight. In the relative calm Monday, residents were left to take stock of the damage and begin cleanup efforts. For Stephen Morgan, owner of Lakeshore Auto Sales on Market Street, the tornado sheared the metal roof off his dealership, ripping a hole in his ceiling and causing extensive water damage throughout the newly renovated building. Its bad enough that the tornado came through, but really, the rain and water was the worst, he said. Its amazing the damage that water can do. Morgan had just renovated the building two years ago after a fire caused severe damage to his dealership. We replaced a lot of sections of the roof and we gutted the whole inside and everything was brand new, he said. Now here we are again after the tornado came through. Another business that was hit hard by the tornado was Crown Corp., which was forced to shut down after the tornado directly impacted the southwest corner of the facility. While early reports stated that the facility was empty at the time of the tornado, Vice President of Human Resources Randy Niekamp confirmed that there were between 40 and 50 employees in the facility and that all were able to find shelter and avoid injury. Cleanup and damage assessment has been a slow process, according to Niekamp. Theres no power in the building, so were limited to what we can do, he said. We are having an assessment done of the building, and thats partially done. Well continue that tomorrow when it gets light out again. Cleanup crews began work Sunday night. Tom Sheppard of Holcomb Enterprises out of Port Clinton said that his crews arrived Sunday night to board up the Ruler Foods grocery store and the neighboring Dunham Sports store on Havermann Road. As his crew continued cleanup Monday, he said the damage to the building was considerable. Theres a hole in the store, and everything went through, he said. It was pretty much a mess. As cleanup continued, Morgan was confident that the city will come out better than before. Were a small community, but were a strong community, he said. In the white is JJ Tester, alongside fellow co-worker of The Wapak City Light Department Mike Sparks. Both men were still working at 10 a.m. Monday after being called to the scene of Celina at 7 p.m. Sunday. _LINKS_ In the white is JJ Tester, alongside fellow co-worker of The Wapak City Light Department Mike Sparks. Both men were still working at 10 a.m. Monday after being called to the scene of Celina at 7 p.m. Sunday. Levi A. Morman | The Lima News Dollar General of Celina was one of the main buildings hit in the storm on Sunday night in Celina. The entire roof was torn off and the store was completely destroyed inside. _LINKS_ Dollar General of Celina was one of the main buildings hit in the storm on Sunday night in Celina. The entire roof was torn off and the store was completely destroyed inside. Levi A. Morman | The Lima News By Craig Kelly _EMAIL_ Reach Craig Kelly at 567-242-0390 or on Twitter @Lima_CKelly. Reach Craig Kelly at 567-242-0390 or on Twitter @Lima_CKelly. <N> 01:14 Nine Members of Same Family Die in Duck Boat Accident 17 people, including 9 members of one family are dead after a duck boat capsized and sank during severe weather in Missouri Thursday night. At a Glance A tornado outbreak spawned more than 20 twisters Sunday in the Midwest. At least eight people were injured in northwestern Ohio after an EF1 tornado passed through a small town. Two men were found dead in a flooded basement in Erie, Pennsylvania. Officials said more than 20 tornadoes were in progress and two men died as an outbreak swept through the Midwest on Sunday. The deaths occurred in a flooded basement in Erie, Pennsylvania, when two men went downstairs to investigate water entering the home , according to YourErie.com. While they were down in the basement, a wall collapsed and large amounts of water entered the room, drowning the men, the report added. The neighborhood was flooded by the storms that came through the area Sunday evening, the Erie Times-News reported. National Weather Service officials surveyed the damage and concluded an EF1 was in progress southwest of Erie. The men who died were identified as Gary Hoffman, 59, and Michael Macgurn, 55. (MORE: 5 Things to Watch in the Weather This Week ) By Tuesday morning, the NWS had confirmed tornadoes in four states: Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and Pennsylvania. In all, at least a dozen people were hurt in the severe storms. Tornado, Damage Confirmed in Ohio Homes were damaged and eight people suffered non-life-threatening injuries in Celina, Ohio, as a confirmed tornado hit the town , WANE.com reported. The storms prompted a local state of emergency from Mayor Jeff Hazel, the report added. The NWS confirmed that it was an EF1 tornado measuring approximately 200 yards wide. The Mercer County Emergency Manager reported six were hurt at a restaurant, one at a business and one in a car crash. More than 100 vehicles and several businesses were damaged, according to the NWS. The Crown Equipment Corporation building sustained significant damage, while some businesses had roofs torn off. A second tornado was confirmed in Mercer County and was rated EF2; the twister started in Indiana and crossed over into Florida, carving a damage path 8 miles long. In Huber Heights, Ohio, westbound Interstate 70 closed between I-75 and I-675 on Sunday evening due to high water, according to WHIO.com. At one point, eastbound I-70 was down to one lane. The NWS reported numerous water rescues in the Dayton, Ohio, area, which includes Huber Heights. In Williams County, Ohio, strong winds leveled a barn and overturned a garage in Williams County, the NWS said. A large tree was also split. As of Tuesday morning, nearly 20,000 homes and businesses remained without power , according to PowerOutage.us. Most of those outages were in northern Ohio. Because of the outages, several schools canceled classes Monday , the Cleveland Plain Dealer reported. Storms Hammer Indiana, Kentucky In Jay County, Indiana, a possible tornado damaged a building, scattering debris across fields, according to the NWS. A roof was also torn off of a barn. Emergency officials in the county reported a natural gas substation had been damaged near Portland, Indiana , according to a separate WANE.com report. Crews were sent to the site to determine if there were any leaks. The Sheriff's Department said several homes were destroyed. On Monday, the NWS confirmed an EF2 tornado was in progress in Delaware, Blackford and Jay counties. The damage path began just northeast of Eaton, the NWS also found. Heavy rainfall triggered flooding in North Webster, Indiana, where water flowed over roads. The NWS confirmed three tornadoes near Salem, Indiana, following a damage survey. Two were rated EF1, and the third was rated EF0. Another tornado was confirmed in Lawrence County in the town of Springfield, and in Muncie, a brief EF1 was confirmed. Four members of the same family were injured when a tree was felled by strong winds in Muncie during the storms. According to the Associated Press, the incident left husband James Wright, 44, in critical condition; wife Angie Wright, 44, in serious condition; their 16-year-old daughter in fair condition and 12-year-old son with minor injuries. The tree fell onto their SUV, the report added. Storms reported roughly 50 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky, in Jackson County toppled trees and power lines, the local Sheriffs Department told the AP. <N> Celina's Mayor: Crews are close to getting the lights back on after storms, tornado (WKEF/WRGT) CELINA, Ohio (WKEF/WRGT) - After a tornado knocked out power for two days, Celinas mayor said crews are close to getting lights back on. Tuesday night, Mayor Jeff Hazel estimated 98 percent of the community should have power by Wednesday afternoon. Thats a big step for businesses trying to re-open. Walking into C-Town Wings, it's kind of eerie. There's broken glass, empty seats and food left on the table. There are whole subs, they must have been served right before the tornado, owner Kerry Roberts said. Roberts helped keep customers safe during the storm. We had probably 30 people all around this bar, all on the floor, Roberts said. No one was hurt, but the restaurant suffered extensive damage. Kerry just opened this location in April, now it needs more than $250,000 in repairs. Its devastating to us, but we're just thankful everyone's OK, Roberts said. Mayor Hazel said many businesses along Havemann Road are still cleaning up. We still still have a bit to go, but we are working very hard, Hazel said. Some stores like Walmart, Menards and Arbys have re-opened with the help of generators, but bigger plants like Crown Equipment still have extensive damage. Hazel said most of the damage shouldn't impact production at crown, once they get power back. Crews are working non-stop to restore the power grid, getting extra help from five nearby communities. They are working to their utmost ability to get this back to normal as soon as possible, Hazel said. Normal may be a month away for C-Town Wings. Were going to start work tomorrow, we have the go ahead from our insurance company, Roberts said. Roberts has his work cut out for him, but he knows Celina has his back. Everyones calling me wanting to help and we live in a great community, Roberts said. <N> Americas most rapacious infant strapped on his travelin diaper and journeyed to Japan over the weekend, his second stop in a five-country tour hell be blundering his buttery way through over the course of 13 days. Tasked with finding an engaging, tactile activity for an exceedingly dull child, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe probably thought he nailed it when he decided to bring the visiting flesh potato to feed the fish at the Akasaka palace in Tokyo. Koi are bright and colorful, like big, slimy crayons. Their food is beige and crumbly, like all of The Babys cabinet members. What fun they would have! Abe might be perfectly competent leader, but hes proven himself totally inept at entertaining the oafish, pus-headed toddler dumped into his care. Koi are traditionally recognized as symbols of strength and perseverance; Abes visitor is, again, just an abnormally stupid baby who cant tell his face from a jar of pickled pig anuses. So I guess none of us should be surprised when, after flinging in a few lumps of food, the Baby just overturned the entire feed box atop the animals. Advertisement Its lucky that this baby is just a baby, and not responsible for any seismic policy decisions or capable of initiating thermonuclear war. Phew! Update, Monday, 12:30 p.m.: Many people have pointed out that Abe also dumped his fish food into the pond. This does not change the fact that Trump remains a big, extremely stupid baby, though I should also have noted that he is also racist, sexist and thoroughly incompetent. Thank you. <N> The President has met with the newly-elected chairwoman of the National Assembly in Vietnam, Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan, at the House where Ho Chi Minh used to live, and fed fish in Uncle Ho's pond. U.S. President Barack Obama and Vietnam's National Assembly Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan feed fish in a pond of the gardens of the presidential palace in Hanoi, Vietnam May 23, 2016. Photo by Reuters/Carlos Barria U.S. President Barack Obama walks with Vietnam's National Assembly Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan during a visit at the gardens of the presidential palace in Hanoi, Vietnam May 23, 2016. Photo by Reuters/Carlos Barria U.S. President Barack Obama and National Security Advisor Susan Rice (R) walk with Vietnam's National Assembly Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan (L) during a visit at the gardens of the presidential palace in Hanoi, Vietnam May 23, 2016. Photo by Reuters/Carlos Barria U.S. President Barack Obama walks with Vietnam's National Assembly Chairwoman Nguyen Thi Kim Ngan at the gardens of the presidential palace in Hanoi, Vietnam May 23, 2016. Photo by Reuters/Carlos Barria Women pose for a picture next to U.S. President Barack Obama's limousine as a secret service officer asks them to move during Obama's visit at the gardens of the presidential palace in Hanoi, Vietnam May 23, 2016. Photo by Reuters/Carlos Barria He will then be received at a state luncheon, followed by a bilateral meeting with the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyen Xuan Phuc. Obama's concluding meeting of the day will be with the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam. On May 24, the President will meet with members of Vietnam's civil society and give a speech to the Vietnamese people. In Ho Chi Minh City, he will visit the Jade Pagoda followed by a meeting with young Vietnamese entrepreneurs, where he will discuss the benefits of TPP to both Vietnam and the U.S., and the TPP's prospects in promoting growth, job creation and also high standards of labor and the environment.On May 25, the President will host a town hall with members of the Young Southeast Asian Leaders Initiative. "I think this visit is unusually long -- were spending three days in Vietnam, going to two cities, addressing the strategic, security, economic, and people-to-people relationship that were building, and we intend for this to be a truly impactful visit in the history of U.S.-Vietnamese relations," said the White House. Upon completing his Vietnam trip, Obama will head to Japan for the G7 Summit. <N>  Hurricane Ophelia continued moving east toward Ireland on Sunday as officials there announced school closings, prepared for flooding and planned for power outages. Ophelia's position is the farthest east that a major hurricane has traveled in the Atlantic. The previous record was held by Hurricane Frances in 1980, according to CNN meteorologist Haley Brink. Frances formed off the northwest coast of Africa near Senegal, according to an archived National Hurricane Center report. Frances never made landfall. Ophelia has accelerated on its way to the United Kingdom, moving at 38 mph, the hurricane center said in its 5 p.m. ET advisory. Though the hurricane is expected to weaken at landfall on a predicted path to Scotland, the center's message remained the same. "Preparations to protect lives and property should be rushed to completion by this afternoon," an earlier Sunday advisory said. 11am (1500 UTC) Key Messages on #Ophelia . Strong winds and heavy rain likely over Ireland and the UK beginning Monday morning. pic.twitter.com/KEovIGbAV3 Ophelia weakened from a Category 3 to a Category 2 hurricane early Sunday, with sustained winds of 105 mph. The center said Ophelia's gale force winds were expected in southern Ireland by early Monday, spreading gradually north across the country during the day. Hurricane-force winds are forecast to arrive by Monday afternoon, spreading inland and to parts of the United Kingdom on Monday night. Hurricane #Ophelia Advisory 25: Ophelia Now Taking Aim On Ireland. _LINKS_  NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) October 15, 2017 "Wind speeds atop and on the windward sides of hills and mountains are often up to 30% stronger than the near-surface winds indicated in this advisory, and in some elevated locations could be even greater," the center said. Ophelia is also forecast to produce 2 to 3 inches of rain with isolated totals nearing 4 inches through Tuesday across western Ireland and Scotland. "A dangerous storm surge is expected to produce significant coastal flooding near and to the east of where the center makes landfall. Near the coast, the surge will be accompanied by large and destructive waves," the center warned. Weather experts find Ophelia curious "The odd part about Ophelia is seeing this intensification take place in what's normally a much cooler region of the Atlantic Ocean," CNN Meteorologist Allison Chinchar said. "Wind is going to be the biggest factor," Chinchar said of the forecast for Ireland, Northern Ireland and Scotland, where wind gusts could reach 80 mph. The coasts of Portugal and Spain will see wind gusts of up to 56 mph. Met ireann, Ireland's National Meteorological Service, issued a red wind warning covering the counties of Clare, Cork, Galway, Kerry and Mayo. It said the storm could bring fierce winds "potentially causing structural damage and disruption, with dangerous marine conditions due to high seas and potential flooding." "Tidal surges are expected in coastal areas with some flooding likely in coastal regions though the severe risk is expected from high winds and the possibility of fallen branches and trees," it said. Irish transport provider Bus Eireann said it had canceled school bus services for Monday in areas covered by the red warnings. School Transport services cancelled in areas affected by red weather warning _LINKS_ for details #Ophelia @radiokerry  Bus Eireann (@Buseireann) October 14, 2017 The Met Office in the UK said there were yellow wind warnings for Northern Ireland and parts of Great Britain for Monday and Tuesday. But it said some areas would have high temperatures over the weekend "in part, due to the influence of (the storm), which will draw up very warm air from Spain on its eastern flank." "Although parts of the UK may experience severe conditions, it's important to realize that not all areas will be affected by this ex-hurricane. For example, much of eastern England will be unusually warm for the time of year but quite breezy on Monday and Tuesday." The Great Storm of 1987 Some British media pointed out that the storm was due to arrive 30 years to the day after the "Great Storm of 1987." That storm made landfall in Cornwall, southwest England with winds of 120 mph (190 kph), making it the equivalent of a Category 3 Hurricane. It was not technically a hurricane as it had formed in the Bay of Biscay rather than the tropics. As it moves northeast, the remnants of Ophelia are expected to weaken and forecasters said it will dissipate by Wednesday. CNN Meteorologist Derek Van Dam said warm ocean waters in the Atlantic had allowed Ophelia to form. "Now that Ophelia is moving over colder waters in the northern latitudes of the Atlantic, it is losing its tropical characteristics," he said. The storm is the sixth major hurricane of the 2017 Atlantic basin hurricane season and the 10th consecutive named storm in the Atlantic to become a hurricane. The latter milestone ties a record that has occurred three times, most recently in 1893. <N>  Parents in Lyndhurst, Ohio, had a scare -- and then a big laugh -- when their 4-year-old was blown away on a windy Wednesday. Security video caught the moment when Madison Gardner ran to open the front door of her home with a phone in one hand. When she opened the door with her other hand, the heavy winds swung open the door, and the girl went flying with it. Brittany Gardner, Madison's mother, told CNN affiliate WEWS she saw her "pinned against the siding and the glass door. I had to unlatch her from the handle." Gardner later told CNN that Madison was a little embarrassed at first, but she was laughing after seeing the surveillance video herself. Madison's parents posted the video on Facebook , and got a little creative, adding Frank Sinatra's "Come Fly with Me" song. Read More <N> Please enable Javascript to watch this video LYNDHURST, Ohio -- A little girl in Lyndhurst literally got blown away during Wednesday's windstorm in Northeast Ohio. Surveillance video shows Madison Gardner, 4, walk up the front stairs of her house and open the door. The wind then catches the door -- sweeping both of them out of sight. Her mom, Brittany Gardner, can be heard gasping before heading to help her daughter. Luckily, she said, Madison wasn't hurt. "She is totally OK," said Brittany. "She was scared at first, then was laughing away at it. She held on until I took her off the handle." She set the video to Frank Sinatra's "Come Fly with Me" and posted it on her Facebook page. It's been shared over 100 times and viewed nearly 6,000 times. Wind warnings and advisories, and even a travel ban was in effect throughout NE Ohio all day as the high winds swept through the area. The wind caused power outages, property damage and accidents. Read more here. <N> Story and photos by Adam M. Roberts October 9, 2004. The tiger was about ten feet away. Sure, he was in a zoo enclosure, behind an iron gate, but this wild animal, capable of killing a man, was still only 10 feet away. Strangely, the padlock on the door was open. I opened the door and entered a small utility room, filled with mops and buckets. A smaller gate led into the tiger enclosure. There was the tiger, on the other side of the gate, 10 feet away. But that small gate was also unlocked. With curiosity, I opened the gate, and the tiger arose and slowly crept in my direction. I quickly closed the gate and backed out of the room. What if the tiger got through the gate before I closed it? What if it was not me at that open gate? What if it was a lost 8-year-old child? The Sriracha Tiger Zoo, an hour outside of Bangkok, Thailand, is truly an amazing place. Boasting more than 400 tigers, a handful of Asian elephants, piles of crocodiles, camels, snakes and other exotic animals, the zoo has some intriguing, yet troubling exhibits. In one glass room, a farrowing crate entombed a pig who, lying on her side, nourished both her piglets and tiger cubs. Across the hall, another glass room housed a female tiger, who fed piglets adorned in tiger-print costumes. This incongruous display was replicated elsewhere, where enclosures housed tigers, pigs, and dogs together. In another area, a visitor could feed milk to a young tiger resting on his or her lapa young tiger still in possession of his claws. When a tiger clearly had his fill and became restless, he was yanked away, carried off to a holding area and quickly replaced by a fresh feline face. There appeared to be an endless supply of animals available to meet the demand for photos. There was a tiger circus, not dissimilar from a circus anywhere else: tigers leaping through rings of fire, walking across a double tightrope, parading around the ring on hind legs, and riding around on the back of the horse. Up close, however, one could clearly see the animals' debilitation and fear. All of the animals awaited their turn to perform in a gated tunnel, keepers constantly poking them with a steel pole through the iron mesh. The animals in the show were smacked in the face with the pole fairly regularly and most seemed to have drastic weakness in their hind legs. It was a painful display to watch. The elephant show was equally disturbing. Wandering behind the stage before the performance, one witnessed chained elephants, tethered to the ground by a two-foot chain, swaying back and forth. One elephant had a long, deep scar across his ear; another across her trunk. I witnessed elephants playing basketball, walking across a double tightrope similar to that in the tiger show, dancing, playing the drums, standing on their heads and giving a "Thai massage" to two members of the audience brought on the stage. After the show, the elephants stood in front of the seats taking money from people with their trunks and passing it to the trainers astride their backs. Sriracha is a combination zoo/circus. Notwithstanding the aforementioned bizarre multi-species enclosures, the potentially dangerous human-tiger and human-elephant close interaction and the fact that many of the tiger enclosures were left unlocked, the enclosures and performances reveal no substantially drastic departure from most facilities of this kind. What is particularly troubling, however, is the fact that, according to press reports, Sriracha is also breeding tigers for commercial export. According to the Straits Times newspaper, it is currently under investigation for allegedly breeding protected wildlife illegally. A year ago, the facility was implicated in a sale of 100 tigers to China, where tiger parts are sought after for use in traditional Chinese medicines, despite being illegal. During the CITES meeting in Bangkok, Sriracha's tigers were "confiscated," though left at the facility, pending an investigation and DNA analysis of the tigers to assess the legality of their origin. AWI is deeply concerned about the welfare and conservation implications of keeping tigers and other endangered species in captivity, as well as the potential pressure to trade in these animals commercially. There is a growingalbeit mistakenimpression that we must breed wildlife commercially to save it. The seizure of over 400 tigers at Sriracha Zoo suggests the law enforcement authorities in Thailand may share our concern about the humane treatment of captive endangered species, and we encourage diligence in trying to clarify the legality of the origin of the Sriracha tigers. October 20, 2004. After a brief holiday, I board the Phuket Airplane in Ranong, Thailand for the return flight to Bangkok, and I look at the front page of the Bangkok Post. "Virus kills 23 tigers at private zoo," the headline reads. Sure enough, the avian influenza was killing the tigers I had been so close to less than two weeks before. It seems that the staple of these tigers' diet is raw chicken carcasses from a nearby poultry processing plant. As a result, Sriracha was shut down. Temporarily. Dozens more tigers were diagnosed with the virus, and more than 80 died or were euthanized during the month-long closure, although some reports had the tiger mortality at well over 100 animals. Meanwhile, not surprisingly, millions of chickens also were destroyed. Undaunted, hundreds of visitors reportedly flocked to Sriracha's reopening in November, taking advantage of the free admission. While the zoo has allegedly stopped the practice of patrons taking photographs while holding and feeding tiger cubs*, there is no indication that the larger safety issue of unsecured enclosures has been addressed. We await the outcome of the investigation into the sale of tigers to China as well. * as of January 2010, AWI was been informed that the practice of allowing visitors to nurse tiger cubs by hand has continued. <N> Tourism businesses and TAT organize Unseen Thailand campaign to restructure selling strategy Thai tourists expected to salvage national income lost after Gulf war and SARS Patcharapol Parnrak The war on Iraq and severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) concurrently reduced the number of visitors to Thailand by 50 to 70% in the past few months. To help rebuild the negative impact on national tourism, many tourism businesses cooperated with Tourism Authority of Thailand (TAT) to launch a campaign called Unseen Thailand. The campaign is being promoted in conjunction with the ongoing campaign Thais travel Thailand launched earlier this year. Riding an elephant through a miniature "Stonehenge" at Nong Nooch. Interesting and under-promoted destinations in various sectors, including eco- tourism, were brought to the attention of tourists through cooperation between the government and private sectors in many regions. In Chonburi, particularly Sattahip, the TAT office has highlighted 2 destinations that they believe will successfully draw large numbers of tourists. Sunset at the beach - with an elephant. Thais are being encouraged to save the economy by visiting tourist destinations like Nong Nooch. Baan Chang Tai Thai, situated in Soi Na Jomtien 50, between the 163 and 165 kilometer-markers on Sukhumvit Road, arranged a campaign to attract elephant riding and nature lovers at 50 baht per round. Tourists will get an opportunity to ride on an elephants back along the beach and view the sunset. Baan Chang Tai Thai manager said he is sure that it has never happened before anywhere and expedition lovers should not miss it. Nong Nooch Gardens also organizes animal talent shows performed by well-trained elephants and monkeys and a buffet lunch at only 199 baht per person. The price is offered only during national holidays. A miniature of Stonehenge, England is also another highlight at Nong Nooch. Manit Boonchim, director of Tourism Authority of Thailand Central Region 3, Pattaya office said that the office had recently cooperated with Pattaya City, Pattaya Business and Tourism Association, Thai Hotel Association Eastern Chapter, Pattaya Hotel Association, Chonburi Tourist Attraction Association, and Pattaya Restaurant Association and called for their participation in the newly created campaign called "Pattaya-Chonburi Happy Holidays Project" to lure Thai tourists with special discounts of 20% to 50%, starting May 1 and running until July 31 this year. The Tourism Authority of Thailand office will soon start distributing brochures to the public. The director hopes that the many campaigns created would help boost tourism in the area. Unseen Thailand - Amazing sites at Sriracha Tiger Zoo Strange show enthralls visitors as pigs nurse baby tigers and tigers suckle piglets The new "Unseen Thailand" tourist campaign is uncovering some weird sights that are delighting tourists who are searching for something different. Tiger cubs and piglets share mum Benjamaj the pigs milk. How comfortable - a living rug. Although the Sriracha Tiger Zoo is off the beaten track, it is nonetheless quite a famous zoo, with one of the worlds most successful breeding programs for tigers. But breeding tigers is not its only agenda. Entertaining and fascinating shows are what really bring in the crowds of visitors to this unique zoo. Visitors recently witnessed some bizarre feeding habits of the zoos most famous inhabitants. A two-year-old female pig named Benjamaj is a blended pedigree of parents, Land-Less and Las-White, that were imported from Norway. Benjamaj is a kind and maternal porky. She has taken 4 baby tigers under her care and along with 3 tiny piglets is nursing the tigers as though she were their mum. She loves those cats and they love her back. In the wild, pigs would ordinarily be easy prey for tigers. But the Sriracha Tiger Zoo has a reputation for accomplishing the impossible, and creating successful relationships with animals of different species is right up their alley. Mmmm, just like mama used to make. Momma tiger Saimai says, "These are my kids - dont even think about making bacon out of them! Grrrr." Unbelieving, wide-eyed tourists pressed their noses up to the cage to get a better look. As they moved on to the next cage they were in for another surprise, as there, a great Royal Bengal tigress was lolling on her side and suckling 6 tiny piglets. Momma tiger Saimai is two years old and as a baby was suckled by a pig until she was 4 months old. This democratic start in life allowed her to form a loving relationship with other pigs and even a dog. Food in the wild, maybe - but at the zoo, tourists who witness these amazing scenes come away with food for thought. This is living proof that under certain circumstances differences in life dont have to create friction. Surely the Sriracha Tiger Zoo is sending a message to us Homo sapiens that we can also live in peace and harmony. Chonburi celebrates national Labor Day with free concert in Sriracha Songklod Kaewvisit May 1st is celebrated around the world as Labor Day. In Thailand it is a day when the government and most employers recognize the importance of workers and afford them a day off. Free health checks were part of the services being offered at the fair. Famous Luk Thung singer Mike Phiromporn was one of the featured performers at the free concert. A "job board" was set up to list openings. Doctors provided free lung tests. This year, the Chonburi Labor and Social Welfare Department hosted May Day celebrations at the Pacific Park Shopping Center in Sriracha by putting on a free concert featuring well-known Luk Thung singer Mike Phiromporn. Other shows and a job fair were included in the days activities. The event, held in cooperation with the Chonburi Labor and Social Welfare Department Office and the National Labor and Social Welfare Department, allowed workers to queue up for free health checks, receive consultations in a number of booths as well as learn about recruitment for various positions that are now available either within the departments or through private companies. Following the formalities of the day a free concert was organized by LT Organize Co. Ltd. Many people turned up at the Labor Department booths during the Labor Day fair for free health checks and consultations. The Laborer Development Institute set up a special booth to inform people about possible job openings. The concert was packed and many beat the heat by heading for the shopping centers air-conditioning to listen to this popular entertainer. Buddhist Holy Day of Wisakhabucha - May 15 Celebrating the birth - enlightenment and death of the Buddha This coming week, on May 15, one of the most venerated holidays on the Buddhist calendar will be celebrated: Wisakhabucha Day. (Note: government offices and banks will be closed.) Wisakhabucha Day is the most significant holy day for Buddhists around the world. It marks the beginning of the Buddhist Era 2,546 years ago, and celebrates the miracle of the Buddha being born, reaching enlightenment and passing away all on the same date. According to scripture, Prince Siddhartha, also known as Gautama, who became the Buddha, was born in the eastern foothills of the Himalayas on the 15th day (full moon) of the sixth lunar month in 623 BC, attained enlightenment while sitting under a fig tree at the edge of the Nerunchara River on the 15th day (full moon) of the sixth lunar month in 588 BC, and then passed away at the age of 80 on the 15th day (full moon) of the sixth lunar month in 544 BC. The word wisakabucha comes from the word wisaburanamiibucha which means to pay homage to Buddha on the day of the full moon in the month of wisaka (the sixth month). The holy day is observed each year during May (June during leap years), determined by the lunar calendar, and is on the 15th day of the waxing moon during the 6th month of the Thai calendar. It dates back to ancient celebrations in India and Sri Lanka, and this year the day is being observed on May 15. For this holiday, killing any kind of animal and drinking alcohol or intoxicating substances is forbidden for 3 days. Wats are to be adorned with lanterns, flowers and joss sticks as symbols of worship, and skyrockets will be lit for three days to celebrate. The day is also designated as National Tree Day in Thailand. Gautama (Buddha) was brought up in the family of a clan leader of regal status, sheltered from lifes miseries. Later in life, after observing a decrepit old man, a diseased man, a dead man, and a sage he realized the impermanence of earthly things and began his quest for enlightenment. For six years he sought enlightenment through ascetic practices. He eventually decided it was not to be found in that manner and resumed the life of a wanderer living on alms. While sitting under a fig tree in a posture of meditation for what is described as a period of seven weeks, Gautama resolved not to stir until succeeding. He achieved his quest, becoming the Buddha, entering a state of Nirvana while still alive. Whatever took place on that day was the start of Buddhism as Gautama set forth to reveal his discovery, eventually spreading into many parts of Asia. Gautama was later recognized as one in a great line of Buddhas with a concept going back to Vishnu or Siva. The large following created over 25 centuries ago and continuing to this day is witness to the fact that something of distinct value was found, which was explained in the Buddhas first sermon at Benares when he said the key to enlightenment is the presence of suffering. The sermon told of the "Four Noble Truths" identifying suffering (birth, decay, illness, death and rebirth) and the failure to always be able to obtain ones desires as the continuing antagonists in life. Secondly, since everything has a cause, so has suffering, and when its causes and conditions are removed suffering is eliminated according to the third truth. The key is to allow the karmic effects already in existence to play out - not producing any further karmic chains. Once the cessation of desire ends, all causes have taken affect and the suffering ends, leading to discontinuing the cycle of rebirth. The fourth truth is the path to the cessation of suffering, the "Eightfold Path" or a "middle way" between extremes of abstinence and indulgence. The steps in the "Eightfold Path" consists of: correct views, correct aspiration, correct speech, correct conduct, correct livelihood, correct effort, correct thought, and correct concentration or meditation. Devout Buddhists consider Wisakhabucha Day as an important event and crowds of devotees will participate in ceremonies at nearby temples, making merit in the morning by bringing alms to monks and listening to sermons. Later in the evening devotees will continue assembling at temples to conduct the "Wien Tien" ceremony, walking around sacred temple grounds three times holding candles, joss sticks and flowers honoring the Buddha, the Dhamma (Buddhas teachings) and the Sangha, the Buddhist Monastic Order. The Thai government implemented "National Tree Day" in the year 1985 as part of a program to restore the forests and increase public awareness of the importance of preserving the natural environment. National Tree Day was designated on the same day as Wisakhabucha Day and activities include many levels of government, schools and local organizations planting trees in addition to observing Wisakhabucha Day. Thai Fruit Wine & Satho, Best of the Year 2003 project to initiate local alcohol business at grassroots level Suchada Tupchai Wutisak Remkijikarn, Pattaya deputy mayor opened the Thai Fruit Wine & Satho, Best of the Year 2003 event at Amari Orchid Resort Pattaya in the presence of many distinguished guests, including Rewat Phonlukin, vice president of Chonburi Organization Administration, and Sawanee Wongmuang, head of social loan department of Government Savings Bank. Many wine and Satho business operators set up booths to exhibit their products to the general public for a free tasting and to participate in the contest. Honored guests and contest winners sample the best the region has to offer. This year the three main government banks that initiated the Thai Fruit Wine and Satho competition and funded the project were the Small and Medium Enterprises Bank, Bank of Agriculture and Corporate, and Government Savings Bank. The Wine and Satho Research Institute of Rachamonkol Technology Institute, and Thai Fruit Wine and Satho Association helped in supervising quality and taste control. The competition was for the best tasting Wine and Satho in the central and eastern region of Thailand. Winners will participate in the bigger and more aggressive competition in Bangkok. Since Thai Fruit Wine and Satho are becoming popular nationwide, the government is confident that when it is well promoted to the world, it can become one of the spearheading export products of Thailand. After the judges had tasted the wine and Satho from different booths, they were still sober enough to add up the scores. In the red wine category, the winners were Chukkru of Kratumban Farmer Union, Tientalay of Bangkok Pattana Winery Company, and Wine Krajeab of Jinda Wine Company. In the Satho category, the winners were Satho Srakaew of Satho Srakaew Company, Mangkornthong of Prachin Winery, and Satho Renu of Thai Global Company. <N>  A picture purporting to show former President Barack Obama helping serve meals in Houston, Texas, in the wake of Hurricane Harvey was shared thousands of times on Twitter this weekend. The photograph, however, is two years old and was taken at a homeless shelter in Washington during Thanksgiving. The picture was shared on Twitter Saturday with the text "Something you'll never see Trump do: Obama is in Texas serving meals!" As of Monday morning it had more than 7,000 retweets. When other tweeters called the poster out on the error, he replied, "Sorry for people thinking this was in texas (he was there) but this is from 2015." A representative for Obama told CNN the former president was not in Texas. When contacted by CNN on Monday, the person who originally posted the tweet said they had deleted it. While Obama was not in Texas serving food, he did tweet a link to the American Red Cross on Sunday encouraging people to help. Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one way you can help now. _LINKS_  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 27, 2017 Read More <N> Interstate 45 is submerged from the rainfall from Hurricane Harvey in Houston. (Richard Carson/Reuters) The catastrophic flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey and continued rainfall has most modes of transportation in Houston and a larger region of the state at a standstill Monday. The Federal Aviation Administration warned Monday that the tropical storm that once was Hurricane Harvey continues to dump rain on the region and Houstons two hub airports are expected to stay closed to the public until Wednesday. The shutdown of George Bush Intercontinental Airport and the William P. Hobby Airport will have a ripple effect throughout much of the nations aviation system, causing backups and re-routing of flights that normally pass through the two hubs. A map of state highway conditions show road closures because of flooding all along the Texas coastal area from Corpus Christi to the Louisiana state line. Some roads, many in the Houston area, arent expected to reopen until later in the week, according to state estimates. [Harvey may force 30,000 people into shelters while flooding will linger, officials warn] Transportation officials on Monday were urging residents to stay off the roads as major freeways remain impassable. In the Yoakum district, officials announced a few roads reopening Monday morning, as crews continued clearing debris in the areas of Victoria and Calhoun counties. In the Corpus Christi district, crews began replacing traffic signals damaged by the storm Sunday, and continued to work on major roads throughout the coastal area. The Houston Metros bus system, three light-rail lines, and paratransit services will all remain closed until at least the end of Monday, with no word yet on when the system would begin to reopen. In a statement, Metro officials said the service is shuttered in light of catastrophic flooding and treacherous road conditions, and they will monitor the situation to determine when it will be safe to begin running service again. There is a high likelihood additional suspensions, delays and detours of METRO service will occur until the inclement weather has passed, the transit agency said in a statement. The Port of Houston will also be closed all day Monday. We will be continuing to monitor the developing weather conditions to determine whether operations can safely resume on Tuesday, the Port of Houston Authority said. [How Hurricane Harvey will impact prices at the gas pump] In Galveston, the Galveston-Port Bolivar ferry, which had been suspended since Friday evening, began running limited service Monday. Officials said service, which takes travelers between Galveston Island and the Bolivar Peninsula, would run depending on the weather conditions. Officials said they had crews ready to resume service as early as Saturday but that the tide was still too high to operate the ferry. The free ferry provided by the Texas Department of Transportation carries more than 8 million people each year. Despite the delays in reopening, the Houston airports will begin to see traffic on their runways even as the rest of the region struggles to find its footing. The two airports had a record 1.9 million passengers pass through security last month. But that number is just a fraction of an overall passenger load that includes thousands of daily travelers who change planes en-route elsewhere. More than 900 people were stranded at the two airports when flights were suspended Sunday, and with airport roads flooded they had nowhere to go. Meanwhile, the small municipal airfield at Galveston was open Monday. Runways at Scholes International Airport at Galveston are clear, the pavement in good condition and the Air Traffic Control Tower is staffed, said Mike Shahan, the airport director. So far Monday, there had been no operations, he said. The small airport does not have a commercial air service. The airport did not receive any damage to date, Shahan said. The FAA also warned unauthorized drone operators that they may be subject to significant fines if they interfere with emergency response operations in the Houston region. Flying a drone without authorization in or near the disaster area may violate federal, state, or local laws and ordinances, the FAA said. <N> U.S. Airports Face Increasing Threat From Rising Seas When Hurricane Sandy struck New York City on October 29, 2012, the dark waters of Flushing Bay poured over the edges of LaGuardia Airport, flooding parts of the facilitys 7,000-foot long east-west runway, and damaging lighting and navigation systems. The floodwaters created an eerie image of jetways ending in water, as if they had been converted into boat ramps. This was not the first time that LaGuardia suffered major flooding during a storm, nor will it be the last. Due to climate change-related sea level rise, LaGuardia and other coastal hubs throughout the U.S. face a growing risk of flooding during even modest storms. What LaGuardia Airport could look like at high tide with 5 feet of sea level rise, an amount that could occur by 2100, according to some estimates. Click on the image to enlarge. Credit: Nickolay Lamm/StorageFront interpretation of Climate Central data. A draft federal assessment of climate change impacts, which was released on Jan. 11, named a dozen major U.S. airports as being particularly vulnerable to sea level rise-related flooding risks, including all three of the major New York-area airports. And just last week, a new report found that the New York metropolitan area may face a greater amount of sea level rise during the next several decades than was anticipated just a few years ago. The region's two other major airports also experienced storm-surge flooding during Hurricane Sandy, albeit to a lesser degree. John F. Kennedy International Airport saw flooding from Jamaica Bay, and Newark (N.J.) International Airport was hit by the storm surge that coursed through New York Harbor and into Newark Bay, flooding the eastern sections of the busy international gateway, and parts of the neighboring port, where waters reached 4 feet above ground level. All three hubs closed on Oct. 28, before the storm hit, causing a ripple effect of tens of thousands of flight cancellations around the world. Newark and JFK Airports were able to resume limited service on Oct. 31, while LaGuardia was the last to reopen at a reduced capacity a day later. According to FlightStats.com, more than 20,000 flights nationwide were canceled due to Hurricane Sandy with roughly half of those cancellations coming from the New York-area airports. U.S. Airports Most Vulerable to Sea Level Rise San Francisco Int'l (SFO) Oakland International (OAK) Honolulu International (HNL) New Orleans Louis Armstrong Int'l (MSY) Tampa International (TPA) Miami Int'l (MIA) Ft. Lauderdale Int'l (FLL) Ronald Reagan Washington National (DCA) Newark Liberty Int'l (EWR) LaGuardia (LGA) Philadelphia Int'l (PHL) John F. Kennedy Int'l (JFK) The trio of airports serve more passengers annually than any other metropolitan area in the world, other than London. Passenger traffic at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's four commercial airports  which includes the underutilized Stewart International Airport in Orange County, N.Y.  totaled 109.4 million in 2012. LaGuardia alone accounted for 25.7 million passengers during the year, with more than 1,000 daily landings and takeoffs, according to Port Authority figures. The New York area's high-capacity airports may have been the first to get hit, but Hurricane Sandy should serve as a wakeup call to officials in charge of other low-lying airports across the country, since the latest climate science shows coastal airports face a growing danger from storm-surge impacts such as sea levels rise. More flooding will cause more delays, potentially costing billions of dollars in the years ahead from lost revenue and storm cleanup operations. The impact of weather-related delays on air travel already costs more than $4 billion annually. The threat isn't that sea level rise will gradually breach the defenses surrounding each airport. Instead, at least during the next few decades, scientists say that sea level rise will be more of an enabler of storm-surge flooding, making it easier for even minor storms to produce more damaging surges and flooding. And when powerful storms hit, the threat is multiplied since they likely will produce unprecedented surges, much as Hurricane Sandy did in New York. According to the draft National Climate Assessment, 12 of the nations largest airports have at least one runway with an elevation within 12 feet of current sea levels. In addition to the three airports in and around New York, the other vulnerable airfields listed are in Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Miami, San Francisco, Honolulu, New Orleans, Tampa, Ft. Lauderdale and Oakland. Those airports face critical challenges ahead, beginning with conducting risk assessments for long-lasting infrastructure, such as new terminals, runways, and maintenance facilities. Planners are studying options to better protect low-lying runways and airport buildings, such as navigation systems to allow aircraft to land in low visibility, and hardening or raising tank farms for storing aviation fuel. Some, such as the managers of New York City's airports as well as San Fransisco and Oakland International Airports, have taken initial steps to assess their vulnerabilities, often in association with broader regional studies. Most, though, have not yet begun that work, putting them behind the curve. The risk assessments that have been carried out so far are sobering, and once again, LaGuardia Airport is front and center. One of the reports released on June 11 in conjunction with New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's $20 billion city-wide climate resilience proposal found that for LaGuardia Airport, at least, Sandy was not a worst-case scenario. The storm struck at low-tide along the western part of Long Island Sound, while it was high tide along the New Jersey coast and in other parts of New York City. LaGuardia flooded to a level of about 14 feet above Mean Lower Low Water, or about 9 feet above ground level. A computer-model simulation from the Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken, N.J., found that had the storm hit at LaGuardias high tide, which was just nine hours earlier, the floodwaters would have reached a height of up to 12 feet above ground level. That most likely would have breached the terminal buildings, leading to a longer and more expensive shutdown of the facility after the storm subsided. What LaGuardia could look like at high tide with 12 feet of sea level rise, an amount that could occur by 2100, according to some estimates. Click on the image to enlarge. Credit: Nickolay Lamm/StorageFront interpretation of Climate Central data. Futhermore, a new analysis from the New York City Panel on Climate Change found that sea level in New York City may increase by as much as 11 inches by the 2020s, and more than 2.5 feet by the 2050s. That would dramatically boost coastal flooding risks, and render LaGuardias current levees useless against even minor storms. "More and more of the City's airport infrastructure will be at risk as storm surges will move from flooding outlying runways to threatening the terminal buildings," said a transportation sector breakdown accompanying the report. If sea level rise matches the high-end estimate of 31 inches by the 2050s, then today's 1-in-100 year flood, which has a 1 percent chance of occurring in any given year, may occur about five times more often. While much of JFK Airport is outside of the citys updated 100-year flood zone, as sea levels rise that is likely to change, the panel's report showed. Since 1900, relative sea level has already risen by about 13 inches in New York City, due to manmade climate change and land-elevation shifts. Climate studies examining Newark Airport have been more limited, since the climate assessments conducted by New York City have only focused on airports within its jurisdiction. The Port Authority, however, has found that Newark is also going to be at greater risk of storm-surge flooding as seas rise, but it is not considered to be as imperiled as LaGuardia. A 2012 New York State Climate Assessment also found that Newark is at slightly greater risk of flooding in severe storms compared to JFK. What LaGuardia could look like at high tide with 25 feet of sea level rise, an amount that would require a worst-case scenario involving melting of large parts of Greenland and Antarctica. Click image to enlarge. Credit: Nickolay Lamm/StorageFront interpretation of Climate Central data. Klaus Jacob, an expert in natural disasters at Columbia University and an advisor to New York state as well as the city, said that in addition to considering the impacts of sea level rise on the airport grounds, officials also need to take into account the networks of access roads and public transportation systems that transport airport workers and passengers to and from the facilities. For example, Jacob said that although JFK Airport itself has a lower risk of flooding in today's typical storms compared to LaGuardia, its access roads could flood more easily from heavy rains during storm situations, potentially leading to situations where passengers and airport workers are cut off from the airport. While the airport itself may not be jeopardized, the access to it may be jeopardized, Jacob said in an interview. The Federal Aviation Administration may not take note of that, but in terms of operations it may cause significant problems. On the opposite side of the country, there have been several studies looking at transportation infrastructure in the San Francisco Bay region, home to two major airports on the federal government's "most vulnerable" list: San Francisco International and Oakland International Airport. According to one study published by the Adapting to Rising Tides Project, funded by the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Coastal Services Center, general aviation facilities and runways at Oakland International Airport are likely to be inundated by new daily high tides with just 16 inches of sea level rise, which is within the range of most mid-century projections. During a storm event, the airport could see flooding at a height of between 1 to 7 feet above ground level at various locations around the airport, including flooding of the longest runway, which is used by most jetliners. In addition, storm events coming on top of the 16 inches of sea level rise could render the main airport access roads impassable, the report found. With 55 inches of sea level rise, which some studies project could occur by 2100 depending on how quickly the polar ice caps melt, the entire airport would be exposed to flooding during the daily high tide, the report found. That scenario would render the airport unusable on a regular basis unless new flood protection measures were in place. Oakland International and San Francisco International Airport  the 7th-largest U.S. airport by passenger volume  were both built on land reclaimed from wetlands, and are about 10 feet above the current local sea level. Climate change acts as a storm-surge risk magnifier in other locations, too, and not just in New York and the San Francisco Bay region. For example, Climate Central research shows that there is a greater than 30 percent chance that the water level will exceed 8 feet above the average local high-tide line at least once by 2030 in Washington, D.C., which would flood parts of Washington Ronald Reagan National Airport. And in Tampa, which is long overdue for a major hurricane strike, a Climate Central report says that there is a 40 percent chance that the water level, including the effects of a storm surge plus sea level rise, will top 5 feet above the average local high tide line at least once by 2030. That would flood part of Tampa-St. Petersburg International Airport, in addition to MacDill Air Force Base, home to the U.S. Central Command, which oversees U.S. military operations in the Middle East. Solutions Girding an airport against the threat of a damaging surge is not as easy as simply building a tall sea wall, since jetliners would have to be able to clear such a wall or levee when landing or taking off, Jacob said. One possible solution could be for the runways to be raised or partially elevated, in combination with the construction of a dike and levee system. Jacob, who led part of a New York State sponsored assessment of sea level rise that was released in 2012, said he is unaware of any national or local strategic planning efforts underway by airport management agencies or regulators to prepare for sea level rise and increased risks of flooding, indicating that most of this work is just beginning to get underway in an ad hoc fashion. Multiple phone calls and emails to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates New Yorks airports, went unreturned. However, Port Authority documents indicate that the agency is aware of the risk posed by sea level rise, and is increasingly incorporating that into their planning procedures and existing sustainability policy. Mayor Bloomberg's climate resilience plan includes working with non-city agencies such as the Port Authority to ensure they are including climate change-related threats, including sea level rise, into their capital projects. The federal Transportation Research Board has also urged airport managers, such as the Port Authority, to include climate-change adaptation in long-term planning, given the long lifespan of infrastructure built today. There are a handful of airports here and abroad providing inspiration. San Francisco airport officials have been discussing the possibility of extending the airports runways onto floating platforms to increase runway length. That may have an added benefit of allowing the runways to rise with the sea level. In addition, a partial seawall and planned levees around San Francisco International Airport are expected to give that airport additional protection during the next couple of decades, depending on the rate and extent of sea level rise. In St. Paul, Minn., the airport has suffered from frequent flooding from the Mississippi River, having been inundated three times during the past 15 years. To prevent the recurrence of such flooding, the airport installed a modular floodwall, which can be easily added to when floods threaten. A similar modular system is planned for protecting the Lower East Side of Manhattan from flooding, and could be constructed low enough to avoid interfering with aircraft takeoffs and landings. Such a system, also known as an integrated flood-protection system, would function much like building blocks, with some permanent structures installed and other temporary measures that could be added before a storm strikes. Other airports that have incorporated flood-protection measures include Raratonga Airport in the Cook Islands, which installed a wave-protection barrier, and Brisbane International Airport in Queensland, Australia, which uses a combination of strategies, including pumps and strategically elevated land. Whatever the solutions may be, one thing is clear: the ocean increasingly wants to be another passenger coming into low-lying coastal airports, and it will be up to this generation of engineers and airport managers to keep the water out. Related Content Surging Seas: Sea Level Rise Analysis By Climate Central Ongoing Coverage of Hurricane Sandy Cutting Short-Lived Pollutants Can Slow Sea Level Rise Climate Change Could Cripple New York's Transportation <N> Deputy comes across alligator in the street in Fort Bend County Storms swept through the Houston area Tuesday morning and in one Fort Bend neighborhood, a creature of the swamp came out to play in the rain. While monitoring potential flooding in Fort Bend County, the sheriff's office got a call about a 10-foot alligator wandering the streets in the Old Orchard Community. A patrol deputy was sent to the location and Chief Deputy Major Chad Norvell soon followed. TRACK THE WEATHER: Flash flood watch in effect for Southeast Texas "She really isn't interested in moving," Norvell tweeted with a photo of the massive gator. Other Twitter users joked that the Texas reptile had the right-of-way in this situation. After nearly an hour in the street, the alligator moved onto the front porch of a home where two women live. Norvell tagged @TexasGameWarden in that photo. By 9:30 a.m. a Texas game warden arrived at the scene. Norvell and two other men held the gator down as the warden taped up his mouth before taking him away and back to one of the many ponds in the area. "They're [male gators] are moving around looking for a mate. It's mating season now. He went to the right house considering there were two women living there," Norvell joked. "It's very common with them [alligators] being a native animal and we get calls of them swimming in the ponds, but we don't do anything with them until they start wandering in the streets," Norvell said. Tuesday morning, the Greater Houston area was under a flash flood watch, according to the National Weather Service for Houston and Galveston. Brazoria and Galveston counties were hit the hardest with up to 4 inches of rain and 9 inches near Danbury. The weather service is expecting another 3 to 6 inches of rainfall throughout the day and minor flooding of feeder roads and urban areas is possible. Click through the gallery above to see the alligator and continue clicking to see photos from the 2016 Tax Day Floods. A GOOD THING: Why flooding in Texas is actually a good and natural thing <N> Water that had risen six feet high hadn't completely drained away from the streets of Coney Island in Brooklyn, N.Y., yet looters had already rifled through the remains of vulnerable shops on Mermaid Avenue. At about 8 a.m. on Tuesday, workers arrived at Mega Aid Pharmacy to find that not only had Hurricane Sandy obliterated the building's interior the night before, but thieves had broken in and gone through more than 10,000 pharmaceutical items. Most of the stolen goods were prescription meds. "The water went away and these people started walking down the streets and just robbed stores," a frustrated worker at the pharmacy, who wished to remain anonymous, told HuffPost Crime. GALLERY: Looting, violence and devastation in Coney Island (story continues below) Looting, Chaos After Sandy In Brooklyn Looting, Chaos After Sandy In Brooklyn 1 of 29 Share this slide: He and the pharmacy's manager, 27-year-old Stan Gutkin, looked at their shop in disbelief that afternoon as workers carried out salvageable supplies. "I don't even know what it's going to take until we're operational," Gutkin said. "This breaks the business. I don't even know where to start." Their story was just one of many on Mermaid Avenue, one of only a few streets in Coney Island on Tuesday teeming with people -- and officers. Locals said that the police presence in the neighborhood came after looters stole from banks, pharmacies and other shops with valuables. It's a crime that can almost be expected after a disaster. As Hurricane Irene pummeled the Atlantic Coast last year, looting was so prevalent that truTV put together a security footage slideshow of the crime. Shortly after Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans was plagued with looting and violent attacks, The New York Times reported. Solid numbers aren't yet available for New York City crimes connected to the superstorm. The 60th Precinct, which covers Coney Island, was evacuated and subsequently flooded on Monday night. Though several officers couldn't say definitively whether there had been reports of looting or other crimes in the area, many were quick to tell onlookers to go home. "It's getting dark, and it's real dangerous out here -- that's why there's a cop on every block," one NYPD officer told HuffPost Crime. "You could get your stuff stolen." Nearby, at a city housing project called Ocean Towers, a fight broke out in front of reporters and cops. Two women threw haymakers at one another as residents -- all still without power -- stared and yelled from their windows. Other people threw unidentified objects from their windows at officers, who swarmed in to break up the fistfight. Dena Wells, 39, a resident of Ocean Towers, had had enough after watching the melee. "People are turning on each other -- they're attacking each other," she said, shaking her head. "Even when there's no disaster, this building is disastrous. But after the hurricane, it just got crazy. "We have to get out of here." UPDATE: NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly announced on Thursday afternoon that 18 individuals were arrested for looting at a Key Foods in Coney Island, and 2 more were arrested in Staten Island, ABC News reported. ************************* The Huffington Post is eager for insights from our community, especially people with experience in power, infrastructure and engineering, on the adequacy of emergency preparation in advance of Hurricane Sandy, and the degree to which past disasters have informed adequate planning and construction. Please send a note to _EMAIL_ with insights and suggestions for the important questions that need to be asked of relevant private sector and government officials, and point us toward stories that need to be pursued. <N> Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner took a truck tour of flooded Greenspoint-area apartments Monday afternoon. It was an area hit so hard that families had to escape their homes floating on air mattresses, dads carrying babies in bins, moms and babies riding in refrigerators and others too afraid to trudge through the water took help from strangers while waiting from aid from the City of Houston. Were just frustrated. There was no help for us, one resident said. VIDEO: Greenspoint families try to escape floodwaters Jaqullyan Beasley lives in an apartment with her 6-year-old and 3-year-old. Around 4 a.m. Monday, they watched water pour through their walls. They escaped and found refuge with neighbors upstairs. Eventually, good Samaritans got them out. When they see somebody needs help and its a crisis like this, I think the mayor should be the first to step up, said Greenspoint resident Geraldine Winslow. Turner says help organized outside Greenspoint Mall around 4 a.m., though Houston Fire Department officials said it took five more hours to get all the equipment necessary ready. Turner wishes it happened sooner, but says it was the second largest weather event in years. Dramatic Video: More Greenspoint rescues For the many complexes that saw suffering, he apologized. For today, for right now, my primary responsibility is to make sure people know that the city sees them and that the city is responding to them and were doing it as quickly as we humanly possibly can. After all the drama, residents in need of help found shelter at the MO Campbell Center where families, still in shock, registered with the American Red Cross and were given clothes, diapers, blankets, bottled water and other necessities. Video: More families rescued in Greenspoint area The shelter, which can hold 325 people, nearly reached capacity Monday night with 300 people inside, officials said. Photos: Greenspoint residents flee floodwaters Photos: Residents flee floodwaters in Greenspoint Heartbreaking images out of the Greenspoint area where desperate families have been trying to escape the floodwaters all afternoon. 01 / 44 Heartbreaking images out of the Greenspoint area where desperate families have been trying to escape the floodwaters all afternoon. 01 / 44  2018 KHOU <N> Donald Trump is famous for his fascination with scale  theres a reason his singular pronunciation of yuge has entered the public consciousness. And when it comes to reacting to one of the worst hurricanes to hit the United States in over a decade, Trumps rhetoric has retained its usual bombastic tone, expressing fascination with the hurricanes size and singularity, rather than empathy for its victims. Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2017 Wow - Now experts are calling #Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going, and going well!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 27, 2017 Trumps mentions of the suffering in Houston  or the floods five known victims  were scant compared to the attention he paid to Harveys size. Its a troubling perspective. But, as Samantha Montano notes in another Vox piece  the real test of Trumps ability to handle Harvey lies not in his immediate public response but in the weeks and months ahead. (And, she notes, most emergency management occurs at the state and local levels, independently from the president). A well-organized federal government  one that can liaise with local authorities and effectively communicate with both other organizations and the public at large  is vital. The actions of the President can most definitely negatively influence emergency management. This lesson was painfully learned during Hurricane Katrina and the New Orleans levee failure. As a general rule, its not good to go into any crisis, including a major hurricane with a federal government in turmoil. Unfortunately, Trumps obsession with high-profile destruction isnt limited to his tweets on Harvey. His promises to drain the swamp, however unfulfilled in practice, have nevertheless resulted in a chaotic, disorganized administration. It is this, Montano suggests, more than any individual tweet, could have the power to negatively affect the Harvey recovery effort for years to come. <N> Disturbing, upsetting pictures of beach-goers manhandling, hoisting and even riding a dolphin on the shore are circulating online. The quad of images are accompanied by the caption: Keep reposting until we can ID these idiots who killed this poor dolphin. Call the police if you know who these people are. They are animal killers!! Lets ID them and send them to prison. Keep reposting. The pictures have been shared hundreds of thousands of times but in the absence of any further information, weve delved a little deeper to try and bring you more of the story. These disturbing images are going viral once again Weve traced the images back to a Reddit post last year, which claimed the dolphin died shortly after the incident. Amid debate over this unconfirmed source, one user raises the point: For a dolphin to just let someone pick it up like that is strange. They are very strong so Im assuming it was nearly dead or already dead when the pictures were taken. Another states: Dolphins breath air like humans do, however the weight of their own bodies can crush them on land. Theyre built to be suspended in water. Dolphins may survive longer than larger cetaceans, however. The dolphin in the picture could have already been weakened or ill when it beached, or the beaching could have weakened it. Holding it the way they did and sitting on it certainly didnt help matters. In 2013 there was uproar when a group of Chinese bathers posed with a dolphin which later died Various sources identify the incident as occurring in Lima, Peru and indeed several (now defunct) petitions were circulated around the time the images emerged calling for the identification and prosecution of the pair  which one publication names as Judith and Dick. A spokesman for PETA told Huffington Post UK: "These callous and frankly idiotic individuals need to be found and prosecuted for cruelty to animals. "Dolphins are highly intelligent, sensitive, and self-aware animals, and it is never acceptable to treat them as mere play things. They live in tight family units with bonds that may last a lifetime, and these tourists' actions may have caused the dolphins' death, likely leaving a grieving family behind." Its not the first time images of this nature have shocked and dismayed the world. In 2013 a group of Chinese bathers hoisted a dolphin out of the water in order to pose for photographs. Images showed the men manhandling the creature, which was washed ashore on a beach in the southern Chinese province of Hainan. A report in the Shanghai Daily stated it died from excessive bleeding, perhaps after earlier colliding with a fishing boat. The images prompted outrage, particularly after it was noted that instead of helping the injured mammal, the bathers simply posed with it for pictures. <N> PIER BARAKAT CHVEZ @PierBarakat Judith Maribel Uriol Silva, la mujer que se fotografi junto a su enamorado cargando y sentndose encima de un delfn pidi disculpas al pas. Indignacin por jvenes que se fotografiaron con delfn varado En declaraciones al canal ATV, Uriol Silva se disculp por lo que hizo junto a su pareja sentimental Jonathan Ramos Torres. Comet un error al publicar esto. Si en algo he ofendido a alguien, pido disculpas, expres. Jugando con un delfn varado, por Martha Meier Mir Quesada La mujer narr que al delfn lo encontraron muerto en enero pasado en la playa San Pedro, en Chiclayo. El animal estaba rgido, metido en el mar. Lo sacamos a la orilla y tomamos las fotos. Ese da haba muchos delfines muertos en la playa, dijo. Agreg que era la primera vez que vea un delfn y que por ello quiso aprovechar para tomarse las fotos. No lo hice con el afn de molestar o burlarme, afirm. Por ltimo dijo: Me tratan de loca y enferma, pero no es as. Judith Uriol y Jonathan Ramos modificaron sus cuentas en Facebook debido a que cientos de personas les reclamaron e insultaron por haber colgado las fotos con el delfn. Cabe precisar que la organizacin internacional Yousign.org viene recolectando firmas en su web para que ambos jvenes sean castigados. Yousign.org es un organismo que lucha contra el maltrato animal y la contaminacin en el mundo. "No est claro si el delfn haba muerto antes de llegar a la playa, o falleci despus de ser utilizado como un juguete por estas personas inconscientes. No podemos entender por qu estos dos [jvenes] no fueron capaces de alertar a las autoridades y en su lugar optaron por hacer dao a los pobres mamferos marinos. Pedimos a la polica del Per que investigue y procese a estos dos despiadados", anota el petitorio difundido en su web. <N> Over 400 dolphins have washed up dead on beaches in northern Peru, leaving scientists and marine biologists baffled over the cause of their death. More than double that number of dead were encountered in 2012, officials said Monday. The dolphin carcases were discovered in the Piura and Lambayeque regions on the northern coast in January, close to the Ecuadorian border. Authorities failed to establish the cause of the 870 deaths in 2012 after autopsy results proves inconclusive. They are now performing autopsies on the latest dolphins found during January, the results of which are expected within the next two weeks. Yuri Hooker, director of the marine biology unit at Cayetano Heredia University, told The Associated Press that in other parts of the world dolphin deaths are generally caused by environmental contamination when the sea mammals eat fish or other smaller species filled with toxins. Others can die after ingesting discarded plastic floating in the sea, he added. Determining the cause of their death is complicated in Peru, the marine biologist said, because government laboratories have only three or four of the world's 100 or so chemical reagents that can be used for determining the animals' cause of death. Additional reporting by Associated Press <N> Disturbing pictures and video show a baby dolphin apparently dying after being passed around by beachgoers in Argentina, sparking outrage on social media and a rebuke from the country's wildlife foundation. According to Sky News, a throng of people gathered around the baby dolphin on the beach resort at Santa Teresita after it was plucked from the water. The animal apparently overheated and died while out of the water, Sky News reported. Buenos Aires native Hernan Coria posted images on his Facebook page of a large crowd snapping photos of the small animal: Segundo delfn que aparece en el da en Santa Teresita una lastima no creo que vivan  Posted by Hernan Coria on Wednesday, February 10, 2016 The Argentine affiliate of the World Wildlife Foundation posted a message on its website, reporting that two Franciscan dolphins had been pulled from the water by people at the beach, and at least one of the dolphins died. "This incident should serve to remind people about he need to return these dolphins to the sea if one is found outside of the water," the statement read in Spanish. "It's fundamental that people help rescue these animals because every Franciscan has a value." Video of at least one of the dead dolphins was posted to YouTube: The incident sparked outrage on social media. Why would it ever be acceptable to pluck a baby dolphin from the water to be passed around for selfies?!? Disgusting   Dany Morris (@DanyMorris1) February 18, 2016 wth just read an article that a baby dolphin died bc so many ppl tried taking pics with it??!! HOW STUPID CAN PEOPLE GET  Sophia Magallona (@sophiamags) February 18, 2016 The International Union for Conservation of Nature classifies the Franciscan dolphin as a vulnerable species because of "a projected decline of more than 30% over three generations." <N> La franciscana, o delfn del Plata, es uno de los delfines ms pequeos del mundo. Se lo encuentra en Argentina, Uruguay y Brasil Crdito: Hernn Coria El hecho fue registrado por un turista y denunciado por la fundacin Vida Silvestre; el animal muri por deshidratacin Comentar Me gusta Compartir E-mail Twitter Facebook WhatsApp Obtener link Guardar 16 de febrero de 2016  20:08 La fundacin Vida Silvestre denunci que un delfn muri en la localidad de Santa Teresita, luego de que un grupo de turistas lo sac del agua para tomarse una foto. Segn la fundacin, los turistas sacaron del agua a dos delfines. Se trata de delfines franciscanos, o delfines del Plata, uno de los delfines ms pequeos del mundo, que miden entre 1.30 y 1.70 m de largo. "La ocasin sirve para informar a la poblacin sobre la necesidad urgente de devolver a estos delfines al mar ante el encuentro con uno en la orilla. Es fundamental que las personas ayuden al rescate de estos animales, porque cada franciscana cuenta", indic Vida Silvestre en un comunicado. La franciscana, o delfn del Plata, es uno de los delfines ms pequeos del mundo. Se lo encuentra en Argentina, Uruguay y Brasil Crdito: Hernn Coria El delfn del Plata es una especie vulnerable a la extincin, segn la Unin Internacional para la Conservacin de la Naturaleza (UICN). nicamente se lo encuentra en Argentina, Uruguay y Brasil. En Argentina vive principalmente en las costas de la provincia de Buenos Aires, donde es muy probable que existan menos de 30.000 individuos. "La Franciscana, como otros delfines, no puede permanecer mucho tiempo fuera del agua. Tiene una piel muy gruesa y grasosa que le proporciona calor, por lo que la intemperie rpidamente le provoca deshidratacin y la muerte", explic la fundacin. <N> Delfines franciscanas, cada uno cuenta Hernn Coria La franciscana, o delfn del Plata, es uno de los delfines ms pequeos del mundo: mide entre 1.30 y 1.70 m de largo. Su piel, de tonos marrones, que recuerda al hbito de los monjes franciscanos, por lo que recibe ese nombre comn.nicamente se lo encuentra en Argentina, Uruguay y Brasil. En nuestro pas vive principalmente en las costas de la provincia de Buenos Aires, donde es muy probable que existan menos de 30.000 individuos. La franciscana en una especie vulnerable a la extincin, segn la Unin Internacional para la Conservacin de la Naturaleza (UICN). A este estado se lleg luego de que por aos unos 500 a 800 delfines fuesen capturados anualmente en las redes agalleras de los pescadores de la Provincia de Buenos Aires.El potencial de recuperacin de esta especie es muy bajo: las hembras a los 2 o 3 aos tienen una nica cra que queda a su cuidado por uno o dos aos. Adems, la Franciscana, como otros delfines, no puede permanecer mucho tiempo fuera del agua. Tiene una piel muy gruesa y grasosa que le proporciona calor, por lo que la intemperie rpidamente le provoca deshidratacin y la muerte.Recientemente se difundieron fotos tomadas en Santa Teresita, provincia de Buenos Aires, donde se ve a un grupo de personas sosteniendo franciscanas fuera del agua en dos oportunidades. Al menos uno de esos animales muri. Por eso, la ocasin sirve para informar a la poblacin sobre la necesidad urgente de devolver a estos delfines al mar ante el encuentro con uno en la orilla. Es fundamental que las personas ayuden al rescate de estos animales, porque cada franciscana cuenta.Al ser una especie prioritaria para Vida Silvestre, hace ms de 10 aos trabajamos junto a diferentes instituciones como AquaMarina en la proteccin de estos animales. As. hemos recabado informacin biolgica fundamental para conocerlos mejor. De esta forma se encontr cmo hacer para estos animales eviten las redes agalleras. Ahora, es necesario que los pescadores y otros miembros de la comunidad colaboren cada uno en lo que pueda para que podamos conservarlos.Fuente original: InfoZona y El Recado <N> A RECORD-SIZED shark taken in a Brisbane River fishing competition has started a war of words over whether such an animal should be killed for sport. Brisbane River Classic fishing competitor Terry Hessey caught the 2.9m bull shark at the mouth of the river in December and pictures posted on the internet have since fired up debate. The species, which lurks on the city's doorstep, has been implicated in attacks on swimmers in canals and waterways and was thought to have killed a woman swimming at Amity on North Stradbroke island in 2006. Mr Hessey did not want to comment on the issue but fishing competition organiser Angus Gorrie said the angler usually released fish unharmed. "Inevitably, there are some fatalities but about four in five sharks are released," he said. Mr Gorrie said he believed the shark was the largest caught in the river. It was weighed but the scales registered to only 200kg. Courier-Mail fishing columnist Dave Downie said it probably weighed 250kg to 300kg and was the largest he had seen. "I don't agree with something like that being killed for no reason. I'd rather see catch and release," Mr Downie said. University of Queensland researcher Craig Franklin said it was wrong to take an animal merely for the thrill of a kill. Bull sharks were at the top of the food chain and their removal risked triggering a trickle-down effect which could upset the balance of species. Mr Gorrie said he understood there was a trophy element to Mr Hessey's kill but most smaller bull sharks were taken for eating just as people ate bream or whiting. His competition would in future cater for photographic entries so animals did not have to be killed and weighed. CSIRO researcher Richard Pillans said the shark was female, 25 to 30 years old and appeared ready to give birth. "It's a shame. An animal of that age is extremely important," he said. "You've got a far greater chance of being killed in your car than by one of these." The University of Florida international shark attack file recorded just four deaths from sharks world-wide in 2006. Last year, 1616 Australians died in car accidents. Mr Gorrie agreed, saying the shark's reputation was exaggerated as there were relatively few incidents. They were caught in summer but rarely seen in cooler months because they tended not to feed then. Professor Franklin said the risk of attack was greatly lessened simply by not swimming in estuaries at dawn or dusk especially in summer. "It's fantastic that Brisbane has a shark like that in its river," he said. "Sharks don't go out to target humans. We've got to learn to live with species like that." Dr Pillans said the river had a population of 2000 to 5000 juveniles but the number of adults was unclear. In the US 95 per cent of bull sharks had been wiped out. They gave birth to six to 13 pups at the mouth of the river after which the young swam to the upper reaches around College's Crossing. Professor Franklin said bull sharks were one of the world's more unusual marine species in that they could live either in fresh or salt water.They were more often seen than other sharks simply because many cities were built on waterways. Originally published as Furore over shark death <N> About the American Alligator The American alligator is a rare success story of an endangered animal not only saved from extinction but now thriving. State and federal protections, habitat preservation efforts, and reduced demand for alligator products have improved the species' wild population to more than one million and growing today. Prehistoric Characteristics One look at these menacing predatorswith their armored, lizard-like bodies, muscular tails, and powerful jawsand it is obvious they are envoys from the distant past. The species, scientists say, is more than 150 million years old, managing to avoid extinction 65 million years ago when their prehistoric contemporaries, the dinosaurs, died off. Life in the Water American alligators reside nearly exclusively in the freshwater rivers, lakes, swamps, and marshes of the southeastern United States, primarily Florida and Louisiana. Heavy and ungainly out of water, these reptiles are supremely well adapted swimmers. Males average 10 to 15 feet in length and can weigh 1,000 pounds. Females grow to a maximum of about 9.8 feet. Reproduction Hatchlings are 6 to 8 inches long with yellow and black stripes. Juveniles, which are on the menu for dozens of predators, including birds, raccoons, bobcats, and even other alligators, usually stay with their mothers for about two years. Diet <N> Everybody is familiar with the public image of the challenger for Sonny Liston's heavyweight title: a loudmouth and braggart who spouts obvious verse. What Clay has seldom let the world see is the sober, ambitious man inside the child's skin. Here, at last, he reveals his true nature, in which zaniness is always a calculated ingredient Everybody is familiar with the public image of the challenger for Sonny Liston's heavyweight title: a loudmouth and braggart who spouts obvious verse. What Clay has seldom let the world see is the sober, ambitious man inside the child's skin. Here, at last, he reveals his true nature, in which zaniness is always a calculated ingredient If I were like a lot of guysa lot of heavyweight boxers, I meanI'll bet you a dozen doughnuts you wouldn't be reading this story right now. If you wonder what the difference between them and me is, I'll break the news: you never heard of them. I'm not saying they are not good boxers. Most of thempeople like Doug Jones and Ernie Terrellcan fight almost as good as I can. I'm just saying you never heard of them. And the reason for that is because they cannot throw the jive. Cassius Clay is a boxer who can throw the jive better than anybody you will probably ever meet anywhere. And right there is why I will meet Sonny Liston for the heavyweight championship of the world next week in Miami Beach. And jive is the reason also why they took my picture looking at $1 million in cold cash [see cover]. That's how much money my fists and my mouth will have earned by the time my fight with Liston is over. Think about that. A southern colored boy has made $1 million just as he turns 22. I don't think it's bragging to say I'm something a little special. Where do you think I would be next week if I didn't know how to shout and holler and make the public sit up and take notice? I would be poor, for one thing, and I would probably be down in Louisville, Ky., my home town, washing windows or running an elevator and saying "yes suh" and "no suh" and knowing my place. Instead of that, I'm saying I'm one of the highest-paid athletes in the world, which is true, and that I'm the greatest fighter in the world, which I hope and pray is true. Now the public has heard me talk enough and they're saying to me, "Put up or shut up." This fight with Liston is truly a command performance. And that's exactly the way I planned it. Part of my plan to get the fight has made me say some pretty insulting things about Sonny Liston, but I might as well tell you I've done that mostly to get people to talking about the fight and to build up the gate. I actually have a certain amount of respect for Liston; he's the champion, isn't he? That doesn't mean I think he's going to stay champion. I have too much confidence in my own ability to think I'm beaten before we start. I do mean he is a strong, hard puncher, and he's not a fighter anybody can laugh at. When I walk into a room where he is and see him staring at me with that mean, hateful look, I want to laugh, but then I think maybe it's not so funny. I'm pretty sure the way he acts is just a pose, the same way I have a pose, but that look of his still shakes me. I wonder what's really going on in that head of his, and I wonder what poor, humble Floyd Patterson was thinking when he had to climb into the ring with Liston. But I am not fooled by what Liston did to Patterson once they started to fight. Liston didn't do anything except hit Floyd while he stood there and took it. Now don't think for even a little bit I'm going to stand around for Liston to do with as he pleases. The way I plan for things to go is to stay out of his way during the early rounds, and I count on him to wear himself out chasing me. I'll circle him and jab him and stick and fake, dogging him most of the time and tying him up when he gets too close. He won't be able to hurt what he can't even hit. Otherwise, I'll fight him the same as I've fought the others. I've been criticized for leaning away from the other man's punches instead of ducking, but I'm not going to change my style. Leaning away is a faster reflex than ducking and I'll go on doing it until somebody proves it's a mistakeand that somebody has got to be another boxer, not a trainer. They also tell me I carry my hands too lowthat it's showoff and dangerous. Well, I just answer have you ever seen a mirage on the desert? You walk along locking for a drink of water, and suddenly you see a lake and you jump in. All you get is a mouthful of sand. Mr. Liston will get a mouthful of leather the same way. So I'm saying I will win this fight in the eighth round because I think Liston will be worn out by then. If he's not, I sure can go on longer until he is. I'm 22 and he's 34 or 36 and I just don't believe he can outlast me. If I don't win the fight in any roundand "if" is a big wordif I don't win, I still think I will have given Liston a good fight and there is bound to be a rematch. That wouldn't bother me too much, either, because that way I'll be able to have another big payday. I'll just start hollering, "Look out, world, here I come again. I didn't feel too good that night, but now I'm on my way back." I don't think I'd have too much trouble drawing another crowd. I don't seem to have trouble drawing a crowd anywhere. I can even do it on the sidewalks of New York, where people are used to everything. But when I get a crowd around me, somebody always wants to know if I'm really like the way I act. Well, of course I'm like I act or else I couldn't act this way. But what I have done is to exaggerate the natural way I am. I wouldn't sit around my house shouting and carrying on if it was just me and my folks, but I would if there was anybody else there to hear me. I do that for the reason I've already said: to attract attention and to get rich. I don't really love to fight, you see, but as long as I'm doing it I sure don't want to do it for free. I've been boxing since I was 12 years old and I'm getting mighty tired of training and always having somebody trying to pop me in the mouth. But I probably won't ever get tired of money. I love money and we're going to go on like that for a long, long time. The fame and pride of doing something real welllike being the world championis a pretty nice thing to think about sometimes, but the money I'm making is nice to think about all the time. I suppose it's the one thing that keeps me going. I remember one day in Louisville I was riding a bus reading in the paper about Patterson and Ingemar Johansson. It was right after I had won the Olympic gold medal in Rome and had turned professional, and I was confident then I could beat either one of them if I had the chance. But I knew I wouldn't get the chance because nobody much had ever heard of me. So I said to myself, how am I going to get a crack at the title? Well, on that bus I realized I'd never get it just sitting around thinking about it. I knew I'd have to start talking about itI mean really talking, screaming and yelling and acting like some kind of a nut. I thought if I did that people would pretty soon hear enough of that and insist I meet whomever was champion. I would be like Georgeous George, the wrestler, who got so famous by being flashy and exaggerating everything and making people notice him. You can see how it has turned outjust the way I wanted it to. I started off slow because I was feeling my way, but pretty soon I caught on to what reporters like to hear and what would make the public pay attention. I told this man I was going to knock that boy down in the sixth round, and then I did. I said I am the greatest, I am a ball of fire. If I didn't say it, there was nobody going to say it for me. Then people commenced to say, "What's that loudmouth talking about?" and it grew and it grew. And pretty soon other people were saying I'm the greatest, and I said, "Didn't I tell you so in the first place?" And you know what? The more I talked, the more I convinced myself. I believe in myself so much by now it's embarrassing. All the time I was building myself up, of course, I was fighting and winning. I don't pretend I fought a lot of great boxers in the beginning, because I certainly did not. I fought a bunch of bums exactly like Liston and Patterson did when they were starting out. But every time I won a fight, I also made a lot of fresh enemies. One thing people can't stand is a blowhard, and the more I blew, the more people would come out to see me get beaten. I said I was pretty (I'm not as pretty as I let on), I said I was fast, I said I was terrific and it got so you couldn't keep people away. And those that got in would yell, "Take away his pink Cadillac, the bum," and, "Bash in his pretty nose," and, "Button his fat lip." Well, that's just fine. I don't really care what people say about me personally as long as they buy a ticket to come see me. After they pay their money, they're entitled to a little fun. After the Doug Jones fight in Madison Square Garden last year, for instance, people who thought Jones should have had the decision got so mad they didn't know what to do. They were booing and screaming and trying to get at me as I walked out of the ring. So I just yelled right back at them to shut up or I'd beat their ears off, and all the way to the dressing room I was thinking, "Cassius, you are even better than Gorgeous George. You have just made a whole lot more enemies and every one of them will be back for your next fight. Only then the tickets are going to cost more." Of course, the real way I built up my fame was by predicting the round I would knock out some guy. I forget now when I first started doing that and how many times it has worked, but I know it has worked most of the time. How do I do it? I do it by trying extra hard and the other boxer helps by worrying extra hard. Sometimes, though, I tell reporters who don't know me that I hear voices in the night saying, "You'll win in five, no jive," or something. I did that in England when I fought Henry Cooper and the reporters' eyes got big and round and they wrote down every word. Those English were sure I was crazy. The only voices I hear, of course, are people telling me I can't do what I say. Already they're saying I can't get Liston in eight. Maybe I can and maybe I can't, but you better believe he's wondering about the same thing right this minute. If I do get him like I say, there won't be anybody who will care, because they'll be for Liston anyway. It's easier to like an ugly old man than it is to like a loudmouth kid, and everybody wants him to teach me a lesson. But just as sure as I do the teaching and win, people will say, "Aw, so what? Liston was a nothing anyway." People are hypocrites, if you don't know that already. Folks ask me what I'll do if I win and what I'll do if I don't win, but I don't have the answer yet. I have to go into the Army pretty soon, and after that I don't know. Maybe I'll build a big housing project and get married and settle down and think about being rich. But I'm not too worried. I think I can make it in something else the same way I've made it in boxing. If things go wrong in the fight, I'll just wait a while. Summertime comes, flowers start blooming, little birds start flying and you wake up, get up and get out. You change with the times. <N> On 29 June 2016, Alan Li, CEO of China Merchants New Energy Group ("CMNE), was invited to attend the G20 Energy Ministerial Meeting held at Yanqi Lake, Beijing as the representative of China new energy corporations. The meeting was hosted by National Energy Administration. Zhang Gaoli, the Vice Premier of State Council, Shamshad Akhtar, the Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations, members of G20 and ministers of energy from guest countries attended the meeting. At the opening ceremony held on 29 June, Zhang Gaoli expressed that, G20 serves as an important platform for global governance and is expected to be built into an open platform for sharing of energy technology innovation, cooperation of energy industry, exchange and communication of experiences and governance of global energy. As Chinas installed capacity for wind power and solar power have ranked first in the world, China is willing to enhance the cooperation and exchange in the field of new energy with other countries. Mr. Alan Li attended the opening ceremony and introduced to Shamshad Akhtar, the Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations, about the progress of the Panda Solar Power Plant, a project jointly launched with the United Nations. Akhtar was highly interested in the Panda Solar Power Plant, and expressed that the construction of the Panda Solar Power Plant should be promoted as soon as possible. She hoped that a Panda Solar Power Plant can be established in future in Sindh, Pakistan, the hometown of Shamshad Akhtar. Mr. Alan Li reported the Company's status and the development ideas of the Panda Solar Power Plant to Nur Bekri, Director of the National Energy Administration. Nur Bekri thought highly of the plant and considered it as "a very good and creative project which should be constructed as soon as practicable" Nur Bekri said that the Panda Solar Power Plant created a new model of new energy cooperation between China and America and we should endeavor to connect the new energy to the grid at a fair price as early as possible by integrating the industry's most advanced technologies at home and abroad. Mr. Alan Li gave a speech titled Ecological Cooperation of New Energy Industry in the Post-COP21Era at the meeting, in which he laid out the ambition to build the Panda Solar Power Plants in each G20 country through integrating the resources of governments, enterprises, financial institutions and society, so as to enhance the sustainability of global energy and help achieve the mission of "Sustainable Energy for All". The one sitting beside Mr. Li in the picture below is Ms. Rachel Kyte, the special representative of the UN secretary general. Mr. Alan Li expressed that, "By designing the solar power station into the pattern of a panda, we aim to stimulate teenagers' interest and enthusiasm for solar energy application. To cope with the climate change, we should not only appeal to the governments and companies, but also need to motivate every household, getting the next generation involved in, thus making joint efforts for a green future. Mr. Li, Alan was interviewed by a journalist from CCTV after the meeting. The Panda Solar Power Plant will be jointly designed and constructed by the enterprises from China and the United States. It will take the shape of a panda, "China's National Treasure". The power plant will cover an area of about 1,500 Mu and have a total installed capacity of 50MW. The black parts are composed of single crystalline silicon solar cells supplied by Xi'an LONGI Silicon Materials Corp., while the white parts consist of thin-film solar cells supplied by First Solar, an integrated photovoltaic solar solution manufacturer of the United States. <N> Construction of first Panda Solar Station Commences Patrick Haverman, Deputy Country Director of UNDP China helps break ground at the Panda Solar Station Commencement Ceremony Datong, 20 November - The Construction Commencement Ceremony of the first Panda Solar Station, and opening ceremony of the Panda Summer Innovation Camp was launched in Datong today. The Panda Solar Station is being built as part of a recent partnership between United Nations Development Programme in China and Panda Green Energy Group, with the launch of a new initiative designed to promote public consciousness about environmental-friendly technologies and sustainable development, as well as to encourage youth participation in innovation for social good. The campaign hopes to engage and inspire the youth in China and elsewhere in the world to promote the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and provide a platform to solicit ideas on helping to tackle some of the toughest development challenges. Representing a unique opportunity to take action against climate change, as well as contributing to the achievement of the SDGs, the Panda Solar Stations is the first integration of the worlds two most cutting-edge solar energy technologies, and base their appearance on China's national treasure - the Giant Panda. The 50 MW power plants cover a total area of 248 acres, with the black part composed of monocrystalline silicone. Future objectives plan to up capacity to 100 MW, increasing the capacity of the plant to provide green energy across a wider area in Datong and preventing an equivalent of 2.74 million tons of carbon dioxide in the next 25 years. To achieve these universal, bolder, and more transformative Goals, we need leadership, commitment, talent, and innovation to drive their implementation, said Patrick Haverman, Deputy Country Director of UNDP China, remarking on the importance of the private sector partners, such as Panda Green Energy Group, taking the lead on Green energy and climate change in China. Furthermore, the event also launched the UNDP Summer Innovation Camps for Youth. UNDP is dedicated to engaging the youth as a positive force for transformational change and achieving the SDGs. These summer camps will be a base for youth from all over the world to have the opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of the process of innovation for climate change and green energy. UNDP hopes to harness the energy, ideas and commitment of the next generation to engage with innovation for development. The event was attended by representatives from the Datong Municipal government, including Ma Yanping. Mayor of Datong Municipal Government, as well as Cao Huibin and Liu Zhenguo, Vice Mayors of Datong Municipal Government. <N> Opening Hour opening at 8:30 on Saturday and Sunday opening at 8:30 on Saturday and Sunday - From 1 April to 31 October,- last entrance at 18:00) -(last entrance at 18:00)- From the 1 November to 31 March,(last entrance at 15:30) - () -(last entrance at 15:30): from 1 November to 31 March:(last entrance at 17:00)Closed: 1 January, 1 May, 25 December Pompeii Buildings open to the public In the work sites present within the Excavations we are working tirelessly to improve and enhance, as efficiently as possible, your visit to the site. We therefore apologise for any difficulties or inconvenience caused. Tickets (We kindly inform you that the official ticket offices are only inside the Park, every seller outside the main entrances is in no way linked to the direction of Pompeii Archaeological Park) Pompeii Single (valid for 1 day) Full  15,00**, Reduced  9,00** Full  15,00**, Reduced  9,00** 2 sites: Oplontis, Boscoreale (valid for 1 day)* Full  7,00**, Reduced  4,00** Full  7,00**, Reduced  4,00** 3 sites: Pompeii, Oplontis, Boscoreale (valid for 3 consecutive days and for one entrance/visit per site)*. Full  18,00**, Reduced  10,00** #domenicalmuseo: free entrance on the first Sunday of the month (*)* The entrance to the(**) Entrance fees are subject to variation depending on special exhibitions/events.For school groups a reservation is required.Go toBook your entrance ticket to the Vesuvius Archaeological Sites <N> The famous lifelike poses of many victims at Pompeiiseated with face in hands, crawling, kneeling on a mother's lapare helping to lead scientists toward a new interpretation of how these ancient Romans died in the A.D. 79 eruptions of Italy's Mount Vesuvius. Until now it's been widely assumed that most of the victims were asphyxiated by volcanic ash and gas. But a recent study says most died instantly of extreme heat, with many casualties shocked into a sort of instant rigor mortis. Volcanologist Giuseppe Mastrolorenzo and colleagues began by analyzing layers of buried volcanic ash and rock, then fed the data into a computer simulation of the Mount Vesuvius eruption. They concluded that the volcano, some six miles (ten kilometers) from Pompeii, produced six different pyroclastic surgesfast-moving, ground-hugging waves of hot, toxic gases and ash (aerial picture of Pompeii ruins). Most of the hundreds of fatalities occurred during the fourth surgethe first to reach Pompeiieven though that surge was relatively slow and ash-poor. Ash-deposit analysis and computer simulations of the surges suggest that Pompeii was at the edge of the flows' reach. That would mean the fourth surge "was too weak to wreck buildings," Mastrolorenzo, of the Italian National Institute for Geophysics and Volcanology, told National Geographic News. The surge also carried relatively little ash, leaving behind a sediment layer only about an inch (three centimeters) deep, previous sediment measurements have shown. But during the surge "temperatures outdoorsand indoorsrose up to 300C [570F] and more, enough to kill hundreds of people in a fraction of a second," said Mastrolorenzo, who led the study, published in the June 2010 issue of the journal PLoS ONE. Among the evidence for such fatal temperatures are the team's bone studies. In a lab the researchers heated bone samples of freshly dead modern-day humans and horses, then compared the results to those seen in bones of Pompeiian victims of Vesuvius. Specific patterns of color and cracking in the ancient bones, among other features, "proved they were exposed to extreme heat," he said. In addition, other reports have cited the melting of Pompeiian lead-tin silverware, which occurs at about 480F [250C], and the telltale charring of wood objects and food as proof of the temperatures during the disaster, according to the new study. And then there are those death postures. About three-quarters of the known Pompeii victims are "frozen in suspended actions" and show evidence of sudden muscle contractions, such as curled toes, the study says. "Heretofore archaeologists misinterpreted them as people struggling to breathe and believed they died suffocated by ashes," Mastrolorenzo said. "Now we know that couldn't be." Because of the extreme heat, "when the pyroclastic surge hit Pompeii, there was no time to suffocate," he said. "The contorted postures are not the effects of a long agony, but of the cadaveric spasm, a consequence of heat shock on corpses." <N> When the eruption of Vesuvius turned day into night over the Bay of Naples and buried the town of Pompeii in AD79, around 300 people from nearby Herculaneum thought they had escaped. They had raced to take cover in caves along the shore, hollowed out to house their boats, and they were still alive 12 hours after the first catastrophic blast. And then came the fatal surge. A cloud of gas heated to around 500C burst from the collapsed mountainside, billowed through the empty town of Herculaneum without disturbing the most fragile heat-resistant object, raced on over the silent terrain, reached a 20 metre cliff, dropped down suddenly, and in a freak effect, funnelled into the boat chambers and killed the cowering fugitives instantly. They had - according to a report from a British-Italian team in today's Nature - no chance at all. They had no time to gasp, or clutch at each other, or even writhe in a split second of torment. Alberto Incoronato of the University of Naples Federico II and colleagues studied 80 of the intact skeletons and after more than 1,920 years, produced a forensic report. "These individuals," they write, "do not display any evidence of voluntary self-protective reaction or agony contortions, indicating that the activity of their vital organs must have stopped within a shorter time than the conscious reaction time, a state known as fulminant shock." The Vesuvius eruption was pyroclastic: it sent a great wall of superheated gas and rock at hurricane speeds, followed by thousands of tons of ash. In the streets of Pompeii, the partly-fossilised victims overtaken by clouds of ash and flaming dust seem to writhe in the torment of suffocation. The people of Herculaneum had more warning, and headed for rescue from the sea. In the boat sheds that became their tombs - first discovered only in the 1980s -there was no sign of suffering. The ash that arrived with the superheated gas suddenly cooled, became denser, and engulfed the bodies. Some of the skeletons had the kind of fractures seen in incinerated remains. The skull surfaces were blacked, the tooth enamel was cracked, indicating that the temperature had been at up to 500C. Some of the skeletons showed fists clenched in a pugilistic pose. "When your muscles cook - from any cause, not just a volcanic cloud - they coagulate and they contract the arms and the legs, but the spine extends," said Peter Baxter, of the University of Cambridge clinical school, one of the team. "So you get a funny shape of somebody who looks as though they are trying to box with the head back, and their hands up, and the legs are flexed in a crouching position. This is within a very short time of death." The charring on the bones was evidence that the flesh must have been seared away - vapourised by the 8 cubic metres of scorching ash that surged into each boat chamber. With 30 people, on average, in a chamber there would have been a mass of 4.5 cubic metres of living tissue. "The heat of the ash was just sufficient to vapourise most of the organic matter," Dr Incoronato and his colleagues write, "so the initial violent vapourisation caused a sudden drop in ash temperature. This would explain why the most marked thermal effects are limited to teeth and those parts of the bones least protected by fat and tissue." That also explained why the chamber with the fewest bodies showed more charring on the bones and teeth. The caves became an object lesson in the physics of death. It could happen again. Vesuvius has erupted repeatedly in the last 1,900 years, and is now watched by teams of vulcanologists. "It last erupted in 1944. You have about 600,000 people living on the mountain itself, so should you have an eruption like Pompeii now, and if you didn't evacuate people in time, the death toll would be much greater, " said Christopher Kilburn, of the Benfield Greig hazards research centre at University College, London. "But there are more sophisticated plans for evacuation." <N> Squid Diversity Squids come in a wide range of sizes, from smaller-than-your-thumb to the enormous giant squid. (Kim Moeller/Smithsonian Institution) The giant squid is not just a single species -- or is it? Some researchers think there are as many as 8 species in the genus Architeuthis (Greek for "chief squid"), each a different kind of giant squid. But other researchers think there is just one Architeuthis that swims in the world's ocean. There is no consensus because the squid are so hard to track and there are so few specimens available for study. However, it is certain that Architeuthis has an abundance of evolutionary relatives. The ocean holds an estimated 500 species of squidand almost all of those are in the same taxonomic order as the giant squid, called Oegopsina. Some are surprisingly tinyonly about 1 inch (2.5 centimeters) in length. Others are impressively large, including the colossal squid (Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni), which can grow to be even bigger than the giant squid, reaching 45 feet (14 meters). These squid species are closely related to snails, clams, and even slugs: they are all mollusks, which are defined by their soft bodies. Some of these soft bodies are encased in hard shells, such as clams and snails, but not the squids. Squids belong to a particularly successful group of mollusks called the cephalopods, which have been around for about 500 million years. Some ancestors of modern-day squids had shells, such as the ammonites, which ruled the waves 400-65 million years ago. Of those that are still around, one small groupthe nautiluseshas an external shell. The otherwhich includes squids, cuttlefishes, and octopodsdoes not, although squids and cuttlefishes have an internal, backbone-like support made of chitin called a pen. Shell or no shell, all cephalopods have well-developed brains and are very active, jet-propelling themselves through the ocean. Most have ink sacs. And many can change skin color and texture in the blink of an eye. <N> Reaching combined body and tentacle lengths up to 46 feet (14 m) and weights of at least 1100 pounds (500 kg), the colossal squid is a very large deep-sea predator. Like in many large species, all the largest individuals are female. They eat small and large fishes (including the Patagonian toothfish) and other squids. Their tentacles are covered with suckers that are equipped with strong, sharp hooks, used in both capturing prey and fighting off predation. Writers have often imagined that this species engages in fierce battles with Sperm Whales, leaving both species injured. Most southern Sperm Whales are covered with scars from colossal squid hooks. Other diving mammals (including the southern elephant seal) and large Southern Ocean predators feed on juvenile colossal squid, but the sperm whale is the only species known to take adults. Specific mating behaviors are unknown in this species, but it reproduces via internal fertilization. Colossal squid are only rarely captured in deep-sea fisheries targeting other species. In almost every case, they have been captured trying to feed on hooked fishes rather than in nets. This species is not targeted commercially and is likely naturally rare. In a recent analysis, scientists reported that the colossal squid is a species of least concern. As it is an important prey species for charismatic, protected species like Sperm Whales and Southern Elephant Seals, it is vital that scientists determine its population trends and continue to study its biology and ecology. Additional Resources: _LINKS_ <N> Recently, Quarks to Quasars on Facebook published an illustration  of how massive a Colossal Squid can reach. The Facebook post was liked by 3,300 people and shared 1,150 times (they have 351k followers). I am excited that the Colossal Squid is loved by this many people. One problem. The illustration is wrong. Really wrong. Although the Colossal Squid can reach, well, colossal proportions, the length of this big squid is grossly exaggerated in the above illustration. Steve OShea one of the worlds leading experts on Big Ass Squids has this to say, On April 1, 2003 the popular press was first alerted to the Colossal Squid, a.k.a. Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni, although this species has been known to the scientific community since 1925, after it was described from two arm (brachial) crowns recovered from sperm whale stomachs (Robson 1925). We have located 11 further reports in which adult and subadult specimens have been described, and are aware of at least 7 further, similarly sized specimens that have yet to be reported. Juveniles of this species are not uncommon from surface waters to ~1000m depth.This species attains the greatest weight, but not necessarily greatest length of all squid species, and is known to attain a mantle length of at least 2.5m. A newer specimen caught since Steve wrote the above is the Te Papa Museum Museum tank specimen that Ive seen in person. It measures in at an actual total length of 5.4 meters (17.7 feet). So more realistic would be No doubt you have also seen the Amazing Ocean Facts circulating around the web. Overall, I love the concept. Humor, cartoons, ocean creatures, and some science. Yes more please! However, I have to speak out against both because I take size seriously. In the above cartoon the Colossal Squid is stated to be twice the length of school bus. The average length of your standard school bus is around 45 feet long. So according to this comic a Colossal Squid is 90 feet long. I mentioned in my other post about the sizes of Giant Squids that the longest recorded specimen was 42 feet long, 3 feet shy of a single school bus. Now here is the kicker. Giant Squids are longer than Colossal Squids. Why does this all matter? Hat tip to Steve Haddock from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute who brought this to my attention. Make sure you check out his page on Facebook Jellywatch. <N> Bangkai seekor paus ditemukan warga mengambang dan terdampar di tepi laut Dusun Hulung, Desa Iha, Kecamatan Huamual, Kabupaten Seram Bagian Barat (SBB) Maluku, Rabu (10/5/2017) sore. BANGKAPOS.COM, AMBON - Bangkai seekor paus raksasa ditemukan warga mengambang dan terdampar di tepi laut Dusun Hulung, Desa Iha, Kecamatan Huamual, Kabupaten Seram Bagian Barat (SBB) Maluku, Rabu (10/5/2017) sore. Bangkai paus itu pertama kali ditemukan sejumlah warga yang hendak pergi ke pantai di dusun tersebut sekira pukul 16.00 WIT. Penemuan itu sontak menggegerkan warga di dusun tersebut. Baca: Warga Sulawesi Tangkap 9 Katak Raksasa Ukurannya Ada yang Sebesar Ayam Kapolsek Huamual Ipda Idris Mukadar membenarkan adanya penemuan bangkai paus tersebut. Dia mengaku hingga malam ini, bangkai paus itu masih berada di pantai tersebut. Bangkai paus itu ditemukan warga tepat di Dusun Hulung, sampai saat ini masih berada di sana, kata Mukadar, Rabu malam. Baca: Nelayan Kaget Temukan Ikan Bertato Mahkota dan Tameng Dia menjelaskan, semula warga mengira kalau bangkai paus yang ditemukan itu adalah cumi raksasa, namun setelah diperiksa ternyata hewan tersebut lebih mirip paus. Awalnya warga mengira itu cumi, tapi setelah diperiksa ternyata bangkai paus karena lebih mirip dengan paus, ujarnya. <N> Male polar bear follows female, showing battle scars. The size difference is clearly illustrated - the male weighs twice as much as she does. The Frozen Planet crew filmed the entire courtship sequence over a fortnight, capturing extraordinary intimate and tender moments. The male had to defend his interests in the female by fighting off at least ten rival males. By the end of the period, he was covered in blood and limped away into the sunset. But at least he had ensured that his female hadn't mated with any other males. This would guarantee that the cubs that she would give birth to in nine months time would be his. He returns to his solitary ways out on the sea ice and will never see his mate again Photograph: Jason Roberts/BBC NHU <N> Alpha Status, Dominance, and Division of Labor in Wolf Packs Results and Discussion Alpha status The way in which alpha status has been viewed historically can be seen in studies in which an attempt is made to distinguish future alphas in litters of captive wolf pups. For example, it was hypothesized that "the emotional reactivity of the dominant cub, the potential alpha animal (emphasis mine) of the pack, might be measurably different from the subordinate individuals," and that "it might then be possible to pick out the temperament characteristics or emotional reactivity of potential alpha or leader wolves (emphasis mine), and of subordinates" (Fox 1971b, p.299). Furthermore, "Under normal field conditions, it seems improbable that timid, low ranking wolves would breed" (Fox 1971a, p.307). This view implies that rank is innate or formed early, and that some wolves are destined to rule the pack, while others are not. Contrary to this view, I propose that all young wolves are potential breeders and that when they do breed they automatically become alphas (Mech 1970). Even in captive packs, individuals gain or lose alpha status (Zimen 1976), so individual wolves do not have an inherent permanent social status, even though captive pups show physiological and behavioral differences related to current social rank (Fox 1971b; Fox and Andrews 1973). Secondly, wolves in captivity breed readily, and I know of no mature captive individuals that failed to breed when paired apart from a group, as would be the case if there were inherently low-ranking, nonbreeders. Third, in the wild, most wolves disperse from their natal packs and attempt to pair with other dispersed wolves, produce pups, and start their own packs (Rothman and Mech 1979; Fritts and Mech 1981; Messier 1985; Mech 1987; Gese and Mech 1991; Mech et al. 1998). I know of no permanent dispersers that failed to breed if they lived long enough. Wolves do show considerable variation in dispersal age, distance, direction, and other dispersal behavior (see references above), and conceivably these are related to the intralitter variation discussed above (Fox 1971b; Fox and Andrews 1973). However, unless a maturing pack member inherits a position that allows it to breed with a stepparent in its own pack (Fritts and Mech 1981; Mech and Hertel 1983), sooner or later it will disperse and attempt to breed elsewhere. Labeling a high-ranking wolf alpha emphasizes its rank in a dominance hierarchy. However, in natural wolf packs, the alpha male or female are merely the breeding animals, the parents of the pack, and dominance contests with other wolves are rare, if they exist at all. During my 13 summers observing the Ellesmere Island pack, I saw none. Thus, calling a wolf an alpha is usually no more appropriate than referring to a human parent or a doe deer as an alpha. Any parent is dominant to its young offspring, so "alpha" adds no information. Why not refer to an alpha female as the female parent, the breeding female, the matriarch, or simply the mother? Such a designation emphasizes not the animal's dominant status, which is trivial information, but its role as pack progenitor, which is critical information. The one use we may still want to reserve for "alpha" is in the relatively few large wolf packs comprised of multiple litters. Although the genetic relationships of the mothers in such packs remain unknown, probably the mothers include the original matriarch and one or more daughters, and the fathers are probably the patriarch and unrelated adoptees (Mech et al. 1998). In such cases the older breeders are probably dominant to the younger breeders and perhaps can more appropriately be called the alphas. Evidence for such a contention would be an older breeder consistently dominating food disposition or the travels of the pack. The point here is not so much the terminology but what the terminology falsely implies: a rigid, force-based dominance hierarchy. The degree to which these arguments apply to other species no doubt varies considerably and is beyond the scope of this article. However, it is notable that similar arguments might be made for African hunting dogs (Lycaon pictus), which ecologically are similar to wolves (Mech 1975). Whereas some workers observed no rank-order behavior in this species (Kuhme 1965; Estes and Goddard 1967), others liberally write of "alpha" animals (Creel and Creel 1996). <N> Have you been seeing this picture of a newborn holding an IUD in his hand all over your Facebook feed? Well, we heard some people saying this baby was born with a contraceptive device in his hand and we wanted to Verify whether or not that was true. Our Verify team used Google's reverse search to search the image to see if we could find the image anywhere else, perhaps of the infant without the IUD in his hand. However, we could not. That is because the picture is not fake. It was posted by Lucy Hellein of her newborn son who was conceived while she had the Mirena IUD. However, and this is a big however, Hellein's son was not born with the IUD in his hand, Hellein told First Coast News Reporter Brittany Dionne over the phone. Instead, the IUD was found during her c-section and it was placed in the hand on her son as a sort of tongue-in-cheek nod to conceiving while having an IUD in. Her friend took the photo. The post has now been shared over 62,000 times. Mirena, is said to be over 99 percent effective in preventing unwanted pregnancy. Doctors were aware of the IUD in her uterus throughout her pregnancy, but Hellein said when they went to remove it, they could not find it. Congrats to Hellein and her new healthy baby boy!  2018 WTLV <N> Mirena is a small, T-shaped intrauterine device . Placed into the uterus by a trained healthcare provider during an office visit You should do a monthly thread check to make sure it's in placeask your healthcare provider to explain how Placement of Mirena is nonsurgical Reversible, so you can have it removed at any time and try to become pregnant right away Placement takes only a few minutes You may experience pain, bleeding or dizziness during and after placement. If your symptoms do not pass within 30 minutes after placement, Mirena may not have been placed correctly. Your healthcare provider will examine you to see if Mirena needs to be removed or replaced. <N> Six Flags over Georgia theme park submerged in Atlanta floods A popular American theme park, Six Flags over Georgia, has almost completely disappeared after torrential rain caused flooding across the Atlanta area of the Deep South. More than 18 inches of rain fell in a 24-hour period yesterday. Ten people are reported to have been killed in the floods. The upper part of the Six Flags Over Georgia's main rollercoaster is visible through the flood waters of the Chattahoochee River. The Scream Machine ride, once the tallest rollercoaster in the world, is all that remains visible of the popular tourist attraction after waters from the nearby Chattahoochee River in Atlanta flooded into the park. The west Georgia theme park - the largest in America's Southeast - has been nicknamed 'Six Flags Under Water' by American media. However the park's communications director Kendell Kelton is confident the attractions will re-open in time for the weekend if the water recedes. Damage - particularly to the all-wood Georgia Cyclone roller coaster - from the muddy waters is likely to be significant. "We've handled floods in the past, and we know how to handle this," Kelton said. Assistant Commissioner for Tourism in Georgia Kevin Langston told TravelMail this afternoon: The impact to visiting tourists should be minimal. While we are experiencing some flooding, business and tourism is proceeding as normally as possible. "Some roadways are still blocked today, but all should be pretty much back to normal in a day or two. There are 11 Six Flags park locations across the United States and the company is celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2010. <N> - The heaviest of the rain has moved past north Georgia, but several watches and warnings remain in effect. And Governor Nathan Deal has declared a state of emergency for 8 counties. Track storms on the FOX 5 Storm Team page The FOX 5 Storm Team is still tracking the potential for scattered showers. A Flood Watch remains in effect through Friday evening. New Years Eve is expected be dry, but chilly. Dont count out a few scattered showers, but again, the heaviest organized rain has passed for now. Several waterways in Georgia remain under a Flood Warning with rivers, creeks, and streams swelling beyond their banks. Minor to moderate flooding has been reported in Georgia waterways. Get the latest watches and warnings for your area by clicking here Covington Corners Shopping Center went from being open, to suddenly closed as the water quickly filled up the parking lot. The water reportedly got high enough to make its way into one of the department stores. Just a few miles down the road, a rising Yellow River made a mess at Riverside Estates RV and Mobile Home Park. Rockdale County saw several secondary roads closed also due to flooding. Excessive rain caused flooding in some Henry County neighborhoods with as much as 3 inches of rain in some areas. In Stockbridge, at the Swan Lake Estates, rising waters invaded residents backyards, leaving some of their docks under water and patio furniture partly submerged. In McDonough, at the Bridgewater subdivision, the rising water covered yards. One homeowner said the water reached in 100 feet more from the edge of the lake than it usually does, coating most of the yard in 4 feet of water. Northwest of Atlanta, in Floyd County, homes in the Summerville Park community got nervous Wednesday as the rain fell. Residents told FOX 5 News they knew they were on a flood plain, but that it hasnt been this bad in about 20 years. A nearby neighborhood park was completely submerged, at one spot all the way to the roof of a gazebo. Get the latest weather updates on the go with the FOX 5 Storm Team App Gov. Deal added to Gordon, Macon, Towns, Troup, and Wilkes counties to the list of places under an emergency declaration. Last week, Fannin, Gilmer and Pickens counties were put on the list. The state of emergency declaration will continue through Jan. 7. <N> 00:40 Stormy Saturday for the Southeast A line of severe thunderstorms will move across the Southeast today. Heavy, persistent rainfall caused more problems in the Southeast on Wednesday, where some residents were evacuated as floodwaters threatened their homes. Flooding was reported Wednesday in Georgia and the Carolinas as yet another day of rainfall forced some saturated locales over the brink, resulting in flash flooding. Some North Carolina residents were trapped by rising floodwaters and had to be rescued by firefighters, according to the Associated Press. In Georgia, a state of emergency was declared for several counties hit hardest by the flooding rains. (MORE: Historic, Deadly Floods Hit the Plains, Midwest) Here's a deeper look at the impacts reported in these floods. North Carolina Gastonia firefighters rescued at least seven residents from a neighborhood that was overtaken by floodwaters from a swollen creek nearby, the AP reported. An emergency shelter was opened to house these evacuees, the report added. In Chatham County, near Fearrington, home evacuations occurred Wednesday morning in the Jordan Lake area, according to National Weather Service storm reports. Several roads were closed by flooding across southern North Carolina; the Charlotte Observer has a complete list of closures. Officials in Chapel Hill said firefighters were called to help with evacuations in an apartment complex, and several roads in the area were closed, according to the AP. The NWS also reported some roads were flooded in downtown Raleigh on Wednesday. South Carolina South Carolina Electric & Gas Co. released water from a Columbia-area dam to help relieve the rising water level early Thursday morning. Company spokesperson Ginny Jones told the AP the Lake Murray Dam release will send an additional 18,000 cubic feet per second of water into the lower Saluda River, but residents downstream, affected by historic flooding in October, should not worry about additional floods. During the October floods, several spill gates from the same dam were opened for the first time since 1969. Evacuations were ordered and roads were closed in parts of the Upstate on Wednesday, according to Fox Carolina. Blacksburg's Brugg Street Apartments were evacuated Wednesday morning, the report added. In Greenwood County, the Wilson Creek Mobile Home Park was also evacuated on Wednesday, pushing six families from their homes, Fox Carolina also said. Numerous roads across the region were flooded on Wednesday, and officials asked motorists to avoid driving through submerged roadways. Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency Wednesday night for five more counties in north Georgia hit by flooding. A state of emergency had previously been declared for three other counties, and that order was extended to Jan. 7. Rainfall continued on Wednesday in north Georgia, leading to flooded roadways in some areas. In Conyers, the NWS reported multiple roads were closed due to floodwaters. A dam in Oconee County may still be in danger of failure, county authorities told WXIA-TV. The Oconee County Sheriff's Office said they worked overnight Tuesday to relieve pressure on the dam, but additional rainfall could still be problematic. The sheriff's office said on their Facebook page Tuesday afternoon that if the dam breaks, it would cut off access to homes along Briar Lakes Court. Oconee County Fire Rescue and sheriff's deputies worked Tuesday to contact residents and get them evacuated from that area. MORE ON WEATHER.COM: Historic Flooding in the Plains and Midwest <N> A rare winter flood that brought record or near-milestone crests along the Mississippi River and its tributaries, claiming at least 25 lives in Missouri and Illinois, has largely subsided in the region. However, the Illinois River continues to rise in some Illinois stretches. Here's a rundown of Midwest flooding, by the numbers: 9 TO 14 INCHES OF RAIN: The National Weather Service says that's the amount that deluged much of Missouri and portions of Illinois over a three-day period starting Dec. 26. The pounding proved epic in some areas: The 11.43 inches that pummeled Springfield, Missouri, in December broke the city's 1895 record for precipitation for that month. Hydrologists with the weather service say such drenches occur in the U.S. only every 100 to 300 years. 25 DEAD: As of Monday, Missouri had reported 15 flood-related deaths while Illinois had 10. Nearly all of those fatalities resulted from vehicles being driven over flooded roadways, including five international soldiers from Missouri's Fort Leonard Wood whose vehicle was swept away by floodwaters. Without explanation, the state is not including 40-year-old Rickey Lerma, who drowned in the swollen St. Francis River in Missouri's Bootheel while trying to elude authorities. A MILLION-PLUS SANDBAGS: While volunteers helped fill tens of thousands of sandbags, the state of Illinois provided 988,000 of them to communities threatened by the Illinois, Sangamon, Iroquois and Mississippi Rivers through Sunday, Illinois Emergency Management Agency spokeswoman Patti Thompson said Monday. Illinois taxpayers also doled out 10,500 tons of rock, 4,546 tons of sand and 717 rolls of plastic, with the state's inmates contributing 8,187 hours of labor in filling 125,000 sandbags, Thompson said. Those sandbag numbers did not count what communities provided for themselves. FOUR-DAY AMTRAK HALT: Two wastewater treatment plants near St. Louis were so damaged by the floodwaters that raw sewage spewed into the Meramec River, which feeds into the Mississippi River. Flooding also forced a four-day halt of Amtrak service between St. Louis and Kansas City, Missouri, before it resumed Sunday. The Franklin County town of Union was mostly closed after waters from the Bourbeuse, Meramec and Missouri rivers swamped it, cutting off most surrounding roads. THOUSANDS LEAVE HOMES: The exact number of people forced to evacuate their homes and towns isn't clear, though that number certainly reached into the thousands. Roughly 400 left their homes in West Alton, Missouri, near the Mississippi River, and hundreds more fled the Missouri communities of Pacific, Eureka, Valley Park and Arnold. EIGHT RECORD CRESTS: The weather service says record flooding happened at least eight spots along inland rivers in Missouri, notably along the Meramec River  a tributary to the Mississippi  near St. Louis. At Thebes in southern Illinois, the Mississippi peaked last Saturday nearly 2 feet above a May 1995 record. Last Friday, the Mississippi reached 48.9 feet at southeast Missouri's Cape Girardeau, eclipsing by four-tenths of a foot the local record set during the catastrophic floods of 1993. 12-COUNTY DISASTER AREA Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner has declared 12 counties disaster areas, mostly in central and southern portions of the state. The designation makes state resources available to affected communities, including sandbagging materials and heavy equipment for flood-fighting and recovery. President Barack Obama last weekend signed a federal emergency declaration for Missouri, freeing up federal aid to help state and local response efforts while authorizing the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate relief and cleanup efforts. 17,700 MEALS AND SNACKS: That's what the American Red Cross says it has doled out to flood-stricken people in Missouri and Illinois, giving 586 victims refuge along the way as of Sunday night. Associated Press <N> Learn Spanish with Universpain and improve your career, your knowledge of other cultures and the quality of your trips abroad! Spanish is one of the most widespread languages in the world, and is spoken by a massive 500 million people. Being able to add a second or third language to your CV in this day and age is a massive advantage in the work world, and here at Universpain we offer a wide range of courses aimed at kick starting or improving your knowledge of Spanish. Our teachers are all native Spanish speakers and are dedicated to providing the best language service possible. We welcome both groups and individual students, and can arrange accommodation and activities for the duration of your stay. Our language courses are supplemented with a range of extra-curricular activities and supported with all the latest technology. So why not seize the day, and change your future forever with a course at UNIVERSPAIN! <N> 2006-11-16 Encontro-me no planeta Hatzes, trata-se de um pequeno planeta com dois oceanos, um azul e outro verde, que orbita a cerca de 0,5 UA da estrela psilon Erdano. A civilizao que aqui encontrei associa de uma forma radical o muito antigo com a mais recente tecnologia. As mais recentes invenes dos Hatzianos so integradas na paisagem meticulosamente histrico-artstica das suas urbes de uma forma discreta, sem as descaracterizar. As suas cidades so simultaneamente seculares e tecnolgicas.O exemplo terrestre que me vem logo  cabea  o astronauta catedral de Salamanca. Durante o restauro da Porta de Ramos da Catedral Nova de Salamanca realizado em 1992, foram integrados motivos contemporneos e modernos, entre os quais uma figura esculpida de um astronauta. A insero deste motivo deve-se  tradio dos antigos restauradores e construtores de catedrais que consistia em utilizar um motivo contemporneo, dissimulado entre os motivos mais antigos, com o intuito de assinar as suas obras. O responsvel pelo restauro, Jernimo Garcia, escolheu um astronauta como smbolo do sculo XX.A prpria silhueta da cidade de Salamanca foi completamente restaurada alguns anos mais tarde, em 2002, ano em que foi Capital Europeia da Cultura. Os edifcios modernos construdos situados no centro da cidade foram todos cobertos com finas lajes cuja colorao  semelhante  pedra original utilizada na construo da Catedral e dos restantes edifcios histricos. Salamanca voltou a ser a Cidade Dourada - qualificativo secular de Salamanca h muito perdido, que se devia  cor dourada que adquiria a cidade quando as pedras dos seus edifcios eram banhadas pela luz solar.Infelizmente, em Portugal ainda se estraga muito do que  antigo, do que  patrimnio, e simultaneamente despreza-se o moderno. Seria impensvel para a esmagadora maioria dos nossos responsveis pelo patrimnio incluir elementos modernos quando se reconstroem ou se restauram os numerosos edifcios degradados do nosso pas. Existe um alheamento geral pela cincia, pela tecnologia e uma grande dificuldade em lidar com matrias como a matemtica, a qumica ou a fsica. Arriscamo-nos a deixar um legado cultural efmero e desinteressante para as geraes futuras e para os que nos visitam, o contrrio deste Hatzes que contemplo. <N> A picture from the Gulf of Alaska that has been making the rounds on the Internet for the last few years -- though particularly in recent weeks -- shows a strange natural phenomenon that occurs when heavy, sediment-laden water from glacial valleys and rivers pours into the open ocean. There in the gulf, the two types of water run into each other, a light, almost electric blue merging with a darker slate-blue. Informally dubbed "the place where two oceans meet," the explanation for the photo is a simple one, though there are many misconceptions about it, including that catchy title. In particular on popular link-sharing website Reddit, where users have on multiple occasions erroneously attributed the photo's location as "Where the Baltic and North Sea meet" and the two types of water as being completely incapable of ever mixing, instead perpetually butting against each other like a boundary on a map. You also may have seen a variation on the photo featuring the same phenomenon, taken by photographer Kent Smith while on a July 2010 cruise in the Gulf of Alaska. That photo too has been circulating the web for some time, though the misconceptions about it seem to be less thanks to Smith's explanation of the photo on his Flickr page. That one has also been making the rounds on Reddit and social media for years, and had racked up more than 860,000 views by early 2013 on that one page alone, Smith said. That original photo, however, originates from a 2007 research cruise of oceanographers studying the role that iron plays in the Gulf of Alaska, and how that iron reaches certain areas in the northern Pacific. Ken Bruland, professor of ocean sciences at University of California-Santa Cruz, was on that cruise. In fact, he was the one who snapped the pic. He said the purpose of the cruise was to examine how huge eddies -- slow moving currents -- ranging into the hundreds of kilometers in diameter, swirl out from the Alaska coast into the Gulf of Alaska. Those eddies often carry with them huge quantities of glacial sediment thanks to rivers like Alaska's 286-mile-long Copper River, prized for its salmon and originating from the Copper Glacier far inland. It empties out east of Prince William Sound, carrying with it all that heavy clay and sediment. And with that sediment comes iron. "Glacier rivers in the summertime are like buzzsaws eroding away the mountains there," Bruland said. "In the process, they lift up all this material -- they call it glacial flour -- that can be carried out." Once these glacial rivers pour out into the larger body of water, they're picked up by ocean currents, moving east to west, and begin to circulate there. This is one of the primary methods that iron -- found in the clay and sediment of the glacial runoff -- is transported to iron-deprived regions in the middle of the Gulf of Alaska. As for that specific photo, Bruland said that it shows the plume of water pouring out from one of these sediment-rich rivers and meeting with the general ocean water. It's also a falsehood that these two types of water don't mix at all, he said. "They do eventually mix, but you do come across these really strong gradients at these specific moments in time," he said. Such borders are never static, he added, as they move around and disappear altogether, depending on the level of sediment and the whims of the water. There is much study being conducted on how this iron influences marine productivity, in particular its effects on the growth of plankton, which Bruland referred to as "the base of the food chain." But rivers aren't the only way that glacier sediment finds its way into the Gulf of Alaska -- occasionally strong winds can whip up enough silt to create a cloud of dust that's visible even from space as its being carried out to sea. So next time somebody shares a "really cool photo" of "the place where two oceans meet," feel free to let them know the science behind the phenomenon. After all, in this Internet age, nothing spreads faster than misinformation. <N> USGS Researchers Participate in Research Cruise Studying Iron Biogeochemistry in the Gulf of Alaska in this issue: next story Iron is a nutrient that is believed to limit primary productivity in about 30 to 40 percent of the ocean's surface waters, including much of the northern North Pacific, where iron addition has been shown to stimulate plankton growth. By facilitating phytoplankton blooms, iron supply to surface waters may lead to a transfer of carbon to the deep sea and thus decrease the concentration of atmospheric CO 2 . As a result, private companies have begun to express interest in iron "fertilization" of the ocean because of the value of atmospheric CO 2 reduction in the carbon-offset market. Understandably, this concept is both intriguing and highly controversial (see "Fertilizing the Ocean with Iron"). Iron supply could also impact the fish yield of ecosystems controlled by nutrient supply. Before connections can be made between iron supply and these broader topics, however, some fundamental questions must be addressed, including (1) how does naturally occurring iron move from the continent to the open ocean? and (2) what fraction of that iron is "bioavailable"in a form that is accessible by such organisms as phytoplankton? Continental sources of iron to the marine environment are numerous and include airborne dust, riverine input, continental-shelf sediment resuspension, submarine ground-water discharge, and remobilization during sediment diagenesis (the changes that take place in sediment after burial). However, the supply and bioavailability of iron from these sources is poorly constrained and likely to vary in both time and space. Improving our understanding of the processes governing iron transport and bioavailability in marine waters could prove critical in predicting the response of marine ecosystems to environmental change. During August and September 2007, U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) scientists Andrew Schroth (Mendenhall Postdoctoral Research Fellow) and John Crusius (research geochemist) of the Coastal and Marine Geology Team in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, participated in a research cruise focused on iron and funded by the National Science Foundation. Ken Bruland, professor of ocean sciences at the University of California, Santa Cruz, led the expedition on the research vessel Thomas G. Thompson. In addition to Bruland, Crusius, and Schroth, 25 other scientists associated with various universities participated in the cruise, supported by the 22-member crew of the vessel. Some of the specific research objectives of the cruise were to (1) measure the iron content in waters of the northwestern Gulf of Alaska, an area for which few data existed; (2) examine how mixing of iron-rich coastal waters with high-nutrient, low-chlorophyll waters leads to enhanced phytoplankton biomass in the northwestern Gulf of Alaska; and (3) assess what fraction of the particulate iron is "reactive" or bioavailable. The 6-week cruise, which began in Seattle, Washington, and ended in Dutch Harbor, Alaska, involved extensive water sampling in both the coastal and offshore marine waters of the Gulf of Alaska. Once in the gulf, the Thompson tracked in and out of the sediment-laden Alaska Coastal Current and the offshore waters of the Alaska Gyre, while the scientists collected both surface samples and depth profiles and made various shipboard measurements. The terrestrial sediment supply to the Gulf of Alaska is large and primarily glacially derived, a product of extensive mechanical weathering of bedrock by glaciers within the interior mountain ranges of Alaska and by tidal glaciers flowing into the Gulf of Alaska. The USGS scientists observed suspended glacial flour kilometers offshore in the Alaska Coastal Current. This glacial sediment, transported offshore by various processes, could be an important source of iron to the waters of the Alaska Gyre in this region. Though relying on different methodologies, Schroth's and Crusius' research projects both seek to answer fundamental questions about the transport and bioavailability of terrestrially derived iron in the marine environment. Schroth's research focuses on determining the speciation and bioavailability of "particulate" irondistinct particles of iron, as opposed to dissolved ironin the Gulf of Alaska and on assessing the variations in such parameters as a function of particulate source. "Speciation" refers to the form, or "phase," in which iron exists, including its oxidation state and bonding environment. Along with dissolved iron (present at low concentrations in seawater), particulate iron is believed to be an important source of iron for biota if it is present in a bioavailable form. Schroth collected suspended-sediment samples through filtration of both surface waters (collected from Bruland's "fish" ultraclean surface-water-sampling system) and water collected at depth (with an assembly consisting of a Niskin bottle rosette and a conductivity-temperature-depth [CTD] sensor). These samples were collected in various areasthe sediment-laden Alaska Coastal Current, sediment-rich near-bottom (nepheloid) layers near the continental shelf of the Gulf of Alaska, fiords immediately adjacent to tidal glaciers draining areas with multiple bedrock types, and offshore waters of the Alaska Gyreto encompass an array of water masses that could contain unique iron particulate phases and distributions. Schroth will determine the solid-phase speciation of iron in these samples by using synchrotron-based X-ray-absorption spectroscopy at the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory in Stanford, California (the same facility where USGS scientist Jim Hein is studying deep-sea iron-manganese crusts; see Sound Waves story, "Beam Time at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Awarded to USGS Scientist"). In addition, Schroth will determine iron speciation in suspended sediment from tributaries with different catchment (drainage basin) bedrock geology and degree of glaciation in the Copper River drainage systema primary source of sediment to the Gulf of Alaska. Exposed glacial sediment was also sampled at the toe of glaciers that differ in catchment geology; Schroth will examine the solubility of iron in this sediment when reacted with seawater from the gulf. The terrestrial component of this project will allow USGS scientists to assess how iron speciation in glacial sediment and bedrock influences the reactivity of iron that is transported to the Gulf of Alaska. Specifically, Schroth's research seeks to answer the following questions: What is the solid-phase speciation of iron across different water masses and biogeochemical gradients in the Gulf of Alaska, and how does iron speciation relate to iron bioavailability in these marine waters? Does the solid-phase speciation of iron vary by terrestrial source, and what role do glaciers and their catchment geology play in iron reactivity in riverine and dust loads delivered to the ocean near glaciated coasts? Crusius' work on the Gulf of Alaska cruise involved examining the dynamics of mixing of nearshore, iron-rich waters with offshore, iron-poor waters, using radium isotopes as tracers. Radium is enriched in nearshore surface waters, both by desorption from sediment surfaces and by discharge of saline ground water. Radium exists as four naturally occurring isotopes with half-lives of 3.6 d, 11.4 d, 5.8 y, and 1,600 y; each of these isotopes is continuously supplied from a long-lived parent isotope. If the radium sources maintain near-constant ratios of these isotopes, the water-column ratios of short-lived to longer lived isotopes will change as nearshore waters are advected or mixed offshore, reflecting the aging of this coastally derived signal (see paper by Willard S. Moore, 2000, in Continental Shelf Research, URL _LINKS_, v. 20, no. 15) The goal of Crusius' work is to understand the rates at which nearshore waters, rich in iron, are transported toward offshore, iron-poor regions of the Gulf of Alaska, using the radium isotopes as tracers. Together, the work of Schroth and Crusius should help improve our understanding of the processes that transport iron from coastal sources to the open Gulf of Alaska, one of the largest iron-limited regions of the world's oceans. Beam Time at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Awarded to USGS Scientist Fertilizing the Ocean with Iron Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory Continental Shelf Research in this issue: next story <N> 0 4 tractor-trailers involved in accident on I-20; 2 people killed CARROLL COUNTY, Ga. - The Georgia State Patrol say a fatal wreck on Wednesday involved four tractor-trailers and a small pickup truck, killing two people. The crash happened shortly after 6 p.m. on Interstate 20 eastbound in Carroll County, near Georgia 113. GSP says a tractor-trailer ran into the back of a second tractor-trailer. That second tractor-trailer then a drove over a silver pickup, crushing it, and ran into a third tractor-trailer. GSP said the third tractor-trailer hit a fourth one. The driver of the pickup, Larry Donnell Adams, 53, of Benton, Louisiana and the passenger, Peggy O'Neal, 51, of Bossier City, Louisiana were killed in the crash. TRENDING STORIES: The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the wreck was flown to a nearby hospital. There is no word on the drivers condition at this point. Victoria Pope detoured around the wreck on her drive home from work after her friends told her what happened. "It's like scary, honestly, that it could happen that fast, something like that," Pope said. "And I'm praying." GSP said charges are pending the completion of their investigation. Troopers have not released the names yet of the people killed in the wreck, pending notification of family members. The eastbound lanes of the interstate remain closed and there is no word on when they are expected to reopen. #REDALERT Possible Fatality Big Rig Crash...I-20/eb at Hwy 113 (Exit 19). All lanes BLOCKED. Traffic may be taken off at Hwy 27 (Exit 11)  Triple Team Traffic (@WSBTraffic) August 31, 2016 TRAFFIC RED ALERT-Carroll Co.: Serious truck crash blocks I-20/eb at Hwy 113 (Ex. 19). Travel diverted onto Hwy. 27. pic.twitter.com/jZyFGMiU1p  Triple Team Traffic (@WSBTraffic) August 31, 2016  2018 Cox Media Group. <N> Two people were killed in a tragic chain reaction pileup involving four tractor trailers and a pickup truck. The incident occurred around 6 p.m. on the eastbound lanes of I-20 in Carroll County, Georgia. WSB-TV reported that a semi truck was driving near Georgia 113 when it rear-ended a second semi truck. The force of the collision launched the second truck into a pickup, completely crushing it. The second truck continued into a third tractor trailer, which then hit a fourth. The driver and passenger of the pickup truck were killed instantly. According to police, the deceased victims were identified at 53-year-old Larry Donnell Adams of Brenton, Louisiana; and 51-year-old Peggy O Neal of Bossier City, Louisiana. The first semi truck driver was airlifted to a hospital with unknown injuries. No other injuries were reported. Traffic delays were extensive as all eastbound lanes of Interstate 20 were shut down for over 5 hours. Motorists traveling eastbound on the highway were either diverted at Highway 27 or advised to seek alternate routes. Charges are pending while the incident remains under investigation. 982983958388255 <N> This week were returning to the question Why Photography Now? Photography Now: China, Japan, Korea presents SFMOMAs new acquisitions by contemporary photographers working in Asia, and was conceptualized as a companion to our current exhibition of postwar Japanese photography. Even as globalization and technology have allowed for faster and more fluid cross-cultural influence, the artists represented in the show embrace varied approaches and offer diverse personal visions, from Byung-Hun Mins minimal landscapes that reference traditional Korean ink painting to Hiromi Tsuchidas distant and vibrantly colored examinations of urban crowds. What they all have in common is an interest in expressing themselves with photography. Since its inception, photography has been used both as a mechanical tool and a method of creating art. With this in mind, I asked each of the artists in Photography Now: China, Japan, Korea to answer the following question: why do you work in photography and how do the particular aspects of the medium affect your artistic decisions? While Naoya Hatakeyama analyzes how humans consume and transform the environment from above, Chinese photographer Yan Changjiang bears witness to the changing landscape around the Three Gorges Dam as a form of protest. Osamu Kanemura draws inspiration from the 19th century photographer Eugne Atget, while Hiromi Tsuchida is interested in exploring the new possibilities available with digital technology. Below youll find the second installment of answers and I hope youll join me in thanking each of these artists for their participation. Enjoy! Naoya Hatakeyama (Japanese, b. 1958) Photography was the most convenient way for me to find a kind of transcendence in the world without God. That transcendence has long been called Nature, which describes images on a sheet of paper. But today the notion of how we understand Nature is changed by technology; for example, when we look at an awe-inspiring photograph, were always asking if its Photoshopped or not . Since the answer is never truly apparent from the image itself, we need to keep facing it, and continue questioning it uncomfortably. Even if the answer is written, were no less uncomfortable, because we know words are not always true (this is what photography has taught us!). This puzzled, suspended experience is called reality in photography of the 21st-century. This new reality in photography is quite phenomenological, is never physical or of Nature, is sometimes sad and uneasy, and perhaps teaches us the classic meaning of reality itself. Reality was always the word for something which resisted our process of cognition, wasnt it? Most of us feel that rupture of reality in the history of photography, and we know that photography does not simply mirror the world, and it doesnt simply alter our perception of it, either. Yu Haibo (Chinese, b. 1962) Photography continues to be one of the most significant art forms in the twenty-first century. It offers me infinite possibilities to observe and document our physical existence and inner world. I consider photography an ideal means of artistic expression it takes me to a surrealistic spiritual world while I look at the real world through the lens. Yan Changjiang (Chinese, b. 1968) We have reached the peak of thousands of years of civilization but it is also a time of uncertainty, or of insecurity and doubt. Photography, with its capacity to ascertain, becomes a very powerful mode of exploration. It has a physical and material reality that one cannot find in painting or other traditional modes. When I am facing reality and depicting it with a camera, I feel fully assured and confident, and capable of convincing other people. I think even in fictional or staged photography, the essence of its appeal lies in its physical reality. In The Three Gorges I felt that I was facing a massive historical and cultural transformation, and that photography would be the most effective channel for testimony and protest. Li Lang (Chinese, b. 1969) Photography? I find that this term appears less and less in my daily thinking about art and creation. I make use of photography, I make use of its ability to accurately mirror the world. But then I must re-think accuracy, which leads to doubt about photographic accuracy and reality. I doubt almost everything. Taking photos, or photography as a form, helps me find a way to ask questions. Byung-Hun Min (Korean, b. 1955) I took up photography out of boredom and found it fascinating. I never studied photography in school but I had a wonderful teacher and the more I get into it, the hungrier and thirstier I am for more. I do not think about theory, trends, or storytelling in photography. I take pictures when, where, and how I see and feel. Im seeking purity in my work and for the moment, photography seems to fulfill that. Dustin Shum (Chinese, b. 1971) I chose photography because I was fascinated by the documentary factor of the medium. It was not just a way to portray the world, but also a way to counter the sometimes overwhelmingly sentimentalized, poeticized or romanticized vision toward reality. While thats the bright side of the moon, I would like to deal with the aspects of photography that are like the dark side of the moon. These aspects may not be romantic, poetic, or sentimental at all, and just like the dark side of the moon, [they are] always hiding from the publics consciousness. Photography walks the line between the two. I try to employ an objective style in my work, with as little aesthetic involvement as possible. I rely on observation more than graphic manipulation or careful composition. Its a bit of a clich, but I always think this is very much a Chinese way of thinking. Bruce Lee put it well: Using no way as way. Osamu Kanemura (Japanese, b. 1964) In Eugne Atgets photographs, when subjects are depicted precisely, they become transformed into something different. When details appear clearly and sharply his photographs represent a world which is rather different from reality. This was what I feel when I look at photographs by Atget. These superbly detailed descriptions do not serve only to represent their subjects honestly and accurately. When the details are precise, and have no ambiguity, each seems to speak self-indulgently and to have its own presence. Beyond the specific understanding of the whole photograph, details give us various perspectives. The details often exceed the whole. I became interested in photography because of Atget. He doesnt only capture the world accurately; his camera also creates a different vision than what he might have been aiming for. I learned from Atget that the camera is a device which will produce something that the photographer cannot control. This is the reason I chose to work in photography. A photographer is like Victor Frankenstein, the fictional chemist whose experiments produced unexpected results, or an alchemist who always fails. Hiromi Tsuchida (Japanese, b. 1939) I try to find the meaning of a time, the present, where I live, and express it using a camera. When taking pictures, I sometimes feel I am a participant in the time of now. This may be an illusion, but subjectively true. I think that objectivity is strongly controlled by the physicality of the person who takes the picture, including his or her personal gestures and behavior. And what guides that physicality is the independent thought of the person, thus making certain that objectivity can hardly go beyond subjective thought. It is this inherent ambivalence that attracts me to the camera. Additionally, the process of photographic expressioncamera in my handsis thrilling in that I feel I am able to confront a sometimes crude reality and immerse myself in it. This, really, is my obsession. In the 21st century we have seen a rapid shift from film, which has physical structure, to digital images based on electronic signals. The signals that constitute a digital image have no permanent substance and are easily transformed, and manipulated after the picture is taken. Film guaranteed that the photographer and the subject were actually in the same place at that time, but with digital photography, more and more, there can be doubt. Digital technology has increasingly made us aware that what we see in a picture is a photographic fact rather than a fact. This is not to say that photographic expression via film is free from the issues of doubt accompanying a photographic fact, as I have touched on here, and this, too, is becoming increasingly evident. Because of this, I have started including doubtful elements in my pictures. In New Counting Grains of Sand, I explore crowds of people and create a heightened sense of artificiality through exaggerated color something that cannot be seen with silver halide film. I also subtly include myself, by digitally pasting my image in each picture. In this way, I try to express that the homogeneous relationship between reality and a photograph has been broken. Yet they are still pictures. I think it expresses the current state of photography because it floats in both realms. Todays information networks bring us the world through computersanother manifestation of virtual reality. In that sense, too, I think New Counting Grains of Sand is real. In the 1990s, prior to New Counting Grains of Sand (shot with a digital camera), I began scanning, digitalizing and printing images that were originally produced on film. It was in that process that I clarified my own artistic vision. <N> "Kinki Nippon" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Kinki, Japan The Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks (, Fukuoka Sofutobanku Hkusu) are a Japanese baseball team based in Fukuoka, Fukuoka Prefecture. The team was bought on January 28, 2005 by the SoftBank Corporation. The team was formerly known as the Nankai Hawks and was based in Osaka. In 1988, Daiei bought the team from Osaka's Nankai Electric Railway Co., and its headquarters were moved to Fukuoka (which had been without NPB baseball since the Lions departed in 1979). The Daiei Hawks won the Pacific League championship in 1999, 2000 and 2003 and won the Japan Series in 1999 and 2003, and as the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks, the 2011 Japan Series, 2014 Japan Series, 2015 Japan Series and 2017 Japan Series. History [ edit ] For a list of the team's records by season, see Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks seasons Nankai Electric Railway Company ownership (19381988) [ edit ] The franchise's original name was Nankai when it joined the Japanese Baseball League (JBL) in 1938, with the name originating with the Nankai Electric Railway Co., which owned the team at the time. The team's name was changed to Kinki Nippon[1] in mid-1944 as it received partial sponsorship from Kinki Nippon Railway. After the 1945 hiatus in the JBL due to the Pacific War, in 1946 the team's name was changed to Kinki Great Ring[2] and the team won the JBL championship. Throughout the name changes the club underwent between 1938 and 1946, Nankai Electric Railway Co. (in one form or another) maintained ownership of the franchise. In mid-1947, Nankai settled upon its current moniker. The Nankai Hawks (). Under player-manager Kazuto Tsuruoka (known as Kazuto Yamamoto from 19461958)[3] they became one of the most successful franchises through the first two decades of the Pacific League's existence, taking two Japan Series championships and 10 Pacific League pennants. (Kazuto managed the team from 19461968, becoming the full-time manager after his retirement as a player in 1952.)[3][4] In 1964, the Hawks team sent pitching prospect Masanori Murakami and two other young players to the San Francisco Giants single-A team Fresno as a baseball "exchange student". On September 1 of that year Murakami became the first Japanese player to play in Major League Baseball[5] when he appeared on the mound for the San Francisco Giants. Disputes over the rights to his contract eventually led to the 1967 United States  Japanese Player Contract Agreement. Murakami returned to the Hawks in 1966, playing for them through 1974. He contributed to the team's league championship in 1973. The team fell on hard times between 1978 and 1988, finishing no better than 4th place out of the 6 teams in the Pacific League in any year in the period. The team witnessed its fan base diminish as a result of the prolonged period of poor play, with attendance dropping and the club dealing with reduced profits. The change in the club's financial performance led Nankai Electric Railway to question the value of maintaining ownership, even after considering the value the team represented as an advertising tool. The company's board of directors and union leadership put pressure on Den Kawakatsu, then-president of Nankai Railway and owner of the team, to sell the team, which he refused to do. However, Mr. Kawakatsu, who represented the most ardent supporter of Nankai's ownership of the Hawks, died in 1988, and the team was sold to the Daiei Corporation to become the Fukuoka Daiei Hawks after the 1988 season. Katsuya Nomura, Mutsuo Minagawa, Hiromitsu Kadota, and Chusuke Kizuka are among the more notable franchise players that were active during the Nankai era. Fukuoka Daiei Hawks (19882004) [ edit ] After the franchise was acquired by department store chain Daiei, Inc., the Hawks were flush with new funds and a new home city in Fukuoka, the capital of the eponymous prefecture on Kyushu Island. However, in spite of those efforts of the new ownership, the Hawks still were usually in the cellar of the Pacific League, and continued to be at the bottom half of the league until 1997. The Hawks front office adopted a strategy of drafting and developing younger players, supplemented by free agent signings, a policy overseen by team president Ryuzo Setoyama and his aides. Setoyama's most brilliant moves were the hiring of home run king Sadaharu Oh in 1995 to take the reins of manager, a title he would hold until 2008 before he moved into the general manager's position. Oh replaced then-manager Rikuo Nemoto, who was named team president and held that position until his death in 1999. Also tapped was Akira Ishikawa, a little-known former player, who was tasked with bringing in talented amateurs. He brought in the likes of current Hanshin Tigers catcher Kenji Johjima, Kazumi Saitoh, Nobuhiko Matsunaka, future Chicago White Sox and current Chiba Lotte Marines infielder Tadahito Iguchi, shortstop Munenori Kawasaki, and future team captain Hiroki Kokubo. Supplementing the amateur signings were some free-agent acquisitions, most of them former Seibu stars from their 1980s championship teams. Among them were infielder Hiromichi Ishige, immensely popular outfielder (and Hawks manager from 20082014, replacing Oh in that capacity) Koji Akiyama, and ace left-handed pitcher and current manager Kimiyasu Kudoh. These moves (and a few unpopular cost-cutting measures) helped to make the Hawks gradually more competitive with each passing year, and in 1999, the team finally broke through. That season, Daiei made their first Japan Series appearance since 1973, and defeated the Chunichi Dragons in five games, giving them their first championship since 1964. Kudoh was dominant in his Game 1 start (complete game, 13 strikeouts), and Akiyama was named Series MVP. The following year, the Hawks again made the Japan Series, but this time lost to the powerful Yomiuri Giants in six games. Despite the shaky financial ground that Daiei was on thanks to their rampant expansion in bubble-era Japan, the team continued to be competitive. The team won their second Japan Series in five years, defeating the popular Hanshin Tigers in seven games in the 2003 Japan Series, an exciting series in which the home team won every game. Home run record controversy [ edit ] In 2001, American Karl "Tuffy" Rhodes, playing for the Kintetsu Buffaloes, hit 55 home runs with several games left, equaling Hawks' manager Sadaharu Oh's single-season home run record. The Buffaloes played a weekend series against the Oh-managed Hawks late in the season, and Rhodes was intentionally walked during each at-bat of the series. Video footage showed Hawks' catcher Kenji Johjima grinning as he caught the intentional balls. Oh denied any involvement and Hawks battery coach Yoshiharu Wakana stated that the pitchers acted on his orders, saying, "It would be distasteful to see a foreign player break Oh's record." Rhodes completed the season with 55 home runs. League commissioner Hiromori Kawashima denounced the Hawks' behavior as "unsportsmanlike." Hawks pitcher Keisaburo Tanoue went on record saying that he wanted to throw strikes to Rhodes and felt bad about the situation.[6][7] In 2002, Venezuelan Alex Cabrera hit 55 home runs with five games left in the season, with several of those to be played against Oh's Hawks. Oh told his pitchers to throw strikes to Cabrera, but most of them ignored his order and threw balls well away from the plate. After the game, Oh stated, "If you're going to break the record, you should do it by more than one. Do it by a lot."[7] In the wake of the most recent incident involving Cabrera, ESPN listed Oh's single-season home run record as #2 on its list of "The Phoniest Records in Sports."[8] Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks (2005present) [ edit ] Daiei Inc had been under financial pressure to sell its 60% stake in the team over the previous few years, with reports in 2003 suggesting the company would sell the team and the Fukuoka Dome. Daiei attempted to hold on to the team and held discussions with its primary lenders, including UFJ Bank, to see if it could find a way to retain the team, but ultimately the sale went through to SoftBank in January 2005. The Hawks continued their winning ways after the sale of the team to SoftBank. Following the sale, the Hawks represented one of the richest teams in Japan, with a player core still intact from the last years of the Daiei era. Particularly strong was the team's starting pitching behind Saitoh, Tsuyoshi Wada, Nagisa Arakaki, and Toshiya Sugiuchi. In 2005, the Hawks finished in first place during the regular season, but fell to the eventual Japan Series champions, the Chiba Lotte Marines in the second stage of the Climax Series. In 2006, a dramatic pennant race led to an even more exciting playoff run that ended in the Sapporo Dome at the hands of the eventual Japan Series Champions, the Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters. Team manager Sadaharu Oh missed most of the 2006 season due to stomach cancer. The Hawks' 2007 season was plagued by injuries and general ineffectiveness and inconsistency, leading to another 3rd-place finish and first-stage exit in the playoffs at the hands of the Marines. In 2008, though various injuries still affected the Hawks' bench (especially the bullpen), the club claimed its first Interleague title in June, winning a tiebreaker against the Hanshin Tigers. However, injuries caught up with them in the final month of the season, and the Hawks finished in last place with a 54742 record. The finish represented their worst since 1996. At the end of the 2008 season, Oh announced his retirement, and former Hawk and fan favorite Koji Akiyama was named as Oh's successor. In 2009, the team cracked the playoffs once again on the backs of breakout seasons from surging starting pitcher D. J. Houlton, outfielder Yuya Hasegawa, Rookie of the Year Tadashi Settsu and another stellar season from ace Sugiuchi. However, the team still was unable to get out of the first stage, as the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles ousted the Hawks in a 2-game sweep. The Hawks finally reclaimed the Pacific League regular season title in 2010 after a seven-year wait. The title came after a see-saw season in which the team recovered several times after extended losing streaks. Starting pitcher Wada, back from injury through much of the previous two seasons, was, along with fellow ace Sugiuchi, at his best. Wada set career highs in wins and games started. The reliable "SBM" relieving trio of Settsu, Brian Falkenborg, and Mahara limited opponent offenses late in games. The bullpen also benefited from the emergence of Keisuke Kattoh and Masahiko Morifuku, with the latter blossoming in the second half of the season. The Hawks offense was largely composed of role players who seemed to take turns having big games and off days, and it was the team's speed that drove the team as the Hawks led the league in stolen bases in the regular season with 148, well ahead of their nearest challenger, who had 116. Yuichi Honda stole 59 bases while Kawasaki stole 30. However, despite putting forward a strong group, the Hawks failed to make it to the Japan Series, losing to the Lotte Marines in six games in the Climax Series despite having a 31 series lead. SoftBank won the Pacific League again in 2011, with a dominating season on all fronts. The offense was bolstered further by the acquisition of former Yokohama BayStars outfielder Seiichi Uchikawa, who led the league in batting in 2011. Pitching from Sugiuchi, Wada and an excellent bounce-back season from Houlton also helped propel the team to the best record in NPB. After sweeping the Saitama Seibu Lions in the Pacific League Climax Series, the Hawks took on the Chunichi Dragons to win the Japan Series, a rematch of the 1999 Japan Series. The Dragons pushed SoftBank to the full seven games, but the Hawks shut out the Dragons 30 in the seventh game to win their first Japan Series since 2003. The 2012 season started with losses for the Hawks. During the off season, they lost their star starters Tsuyoshi Wada (to the Baltimore Orioles), Toshiya Sugiuchi and D.J. Houlton (to Yomiuri Giants) through free agency. All star shortstop Munenori Kawasaki also left the team for the Seattle Mariners. Closer Takahiro Mahara would sit out the season through injury. To compensate for these losses, the team acquired outfielder Wily Mo Pea and starter Brad Penny from the MLB, in addition to starter Kazuyuki Hoashi from Seibu Lions. However, of the 3 major signings, only Pea made regular contributions. Hoashi was injured in his first regular season start and did not rejoin the team for the rest of the season. Penny was in the downward spiral of his career and started only 1 game for the Hawks before being released. The team had to deal with their off season losses to their pitching staff from within the organization. Settsu was elevated to the team's ace, while young pitchers such as Kenji Otonari and Hiroki Yamada were given bigger roles. Nagisa Arakaki returned from long term injury to join the rotation. However, new closer Falkenborg had to sit out most of the season through injury, eventually handing over the role to Morifuku. Arakaki could not regain his former numbers. In the end, the losses could not be mitigated. The team could only finish third in the Pacific League regular season and eventually lost out to the Nippon Ham Fighters in the P.L. Climax Series Final Stage. The bright spark of the season came from rookie starter Shota Takeda, who went 8-1 with an ERA of 1.07. In 2014 the Hawks won the Japan Series. They won for a second consecutive season in 2015, with outfielder Yuki Yanagita winning league MVP and the batting title.[citation needed] The Hawks also won the 2017 Japan Series.[9] Players of note [ edit ] Current coaching staff [ edit ] Current roster players [ edit ] Current developmental squad players [ edit ] Former players [ edit ] Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks era [ edit ] Fukuoka Daiei Hawks era [ edit ] Nankai Hawks era [ edit ] Retired numbers [ edit ] none Honored numbers [ edit ] Sadaharu Oh's 89 was originally planned to be retired or honored after his retirement, but Oh made clear his preference to give the number to his successor. Ultimately, however, the man who replaced him as manager of the Hawks, Akiyama, declined to wear the number on the grounds that the honor of bearing it would be too great so shortly after Oh's departure. Instead, Akiyama wore the number 81. Mascot [ edit ] Hawks has the largest number of mascots in NPB, the Hawk family. The current family members since 1992 are as follows: Harry Hawk -a yellow colored hawk with Number 100, Harry supports the team as the main mascot. He is the youngest brother of Homer Hawk, the former main mascot. -a yellow colored hawk with Number 100, Harry supports the team as the main mascot. He is the youngest brother of Homer Hawk, the former main mascot. Honey Hawk - a pink colored female hawk, Honey is a girlfriend of Harry, and the cheer leader of Hawks' dancing team, Honeys . - a pink colored female hawk, Honey is a girlfriend of Harry, and the cheer leader of Hawks' dancing team, . Herculy Hawk -an orange based hawk with Number 200, Harcury is Harry's teammate as well as his longstanding rival since Hawk University days. -an orange based hawk with Number 200, Harcury is Harry's teammate as well as his longstanding rival since Hawk University days. Honky Hawk - a middle aged hawk, Honky is Harry's uncle, and the mayor of Hawks Town. He loves baseball. - a middle aged hawk, Honky is Harry's uncle, and the mayor of Hawks Town. He loves baseball. Helen Hawk - a middle aged female hawk, Helen is Honky's wife. They have eloped during their high school days. - a middle aged female hawk, Helen is Honky's wife. They have eloped during their high school days. Hack Hawk -Harry's nephew. He wears red-lined T-shirts and the same color cap. -Harry's nephew. He wears red-lined T-shirts and the same color cap. Rick Hawk - Harry's nephew and middle of Hawk brothers. Rick wears glasses and blue-lined T-shirts and the same color cap. - Harry's nephew and middle of Hawk brothers. Rick wears glasses and blue-lined T-shirts and the same color cap. Hock Hawk-Harry's nephew and youngest brother of Huck and Rick. He wears a green-lined T-shirts and the same color cap. MLB players [ edit ] Retired: Notes [ edit ] <N> Ned Bunnell, Repurposed baseball stadium, Osaka, Japan, 1991 - Mike (Original here. Thanks to Ned.) Original contents copyright 2015 by Michael C. Johnston and/or the bylined author. All Rights Reserved. Links in this post may be to our affiliates; sales through affiliate links may benefit this site. TOP's links! (To see all the comments, click on the "Comments" link below.) Featured Comments from: Peter Gilbert: "I believe this came about as a direct result of the major earthquake that struck the Osaka-Kobe region in the first part of the 1990s (I was in Japan the, but I can't remember the date offhand). So many houses were destroyed the authorities set up 'temporary' housing like what you see in this photo. But, the people relocated to these areas became close neighbors and resisted being resettled to permanent new housing." Hudson: "Did some Goggling and found the story. The team was sold and moved to another city. The stadium was used to display model homes. It has since been torn down and replaced with a mall." Mike replies: Figures. I like Peter's vision bettera tiny, quirky, but close micro-community in a little bubble inside the big city. Sigh. Peter Gilbert adds: "On closer inspection I see Ned's image was shot in 1991, before the great Hanshin earthquake that I mentioned (which occurred in 1995), so although my previous comments about folks being relocated then resisting relocation are true in general, this situation at the old Osaka stadium is obviously not one of those. Apologies for the error." Ned Bunnell: "To provide some context for this photo, Osaka stadium was home to the Nankai Hawks baseball team. I remember the Hawks name because I bought caps for my boys and they were quite the curiosity item with all their friends. The Hawks were sold and moved to Fukuoka City in 1988 or 1989. Since the stadium was abandoned, the City of Osaka, working with a trade group, turned it into a giant outdoor home show with rows of various model homes from several construction companies. "If I remember correctly, the houses were a failure, as most Japanese in the greater Osaka area were not interested in western style housing and the quality of construction was not up to their expectations. I think the stadium was finally demolished in the late '90s." <N> As Christmas continues to approach the sound of bells fill the air outside of department and grocery stores. The red kettles recognizable as donation buckets for the Salvation Army . They are known not only for collecting donations during the holiday season, but for helping the homeless with shelter, food, clothing etc. What you may not know is that they are also known for being discriminatory towards the LGBTQ community. I used to work for the Salvation Army at a wet, low barrier womens shelter. What that means is 1. clients do not have to be clean and sober to receive services (the wet part), and 2. anyone who identifies as a woman may access services (low barrier part). I loved the idea of this shelter. Many shelters have program restrictions, a screening process, and a required intake process before people can access services. These are used to determine if the client is a good fit for the program. This place had none. This meant that we would get the women that no one else would take, women with severe, often untreated mental health, and women with current and ongoing substance abuse issues. Chronically homeless women were the majority of the clientele. Women who for whatever reason could not find and/or retain housing. The shelter had 50 beds which the women could access for 30 days at a time. During this time they would receive a case manager would work with them mainly on finding housing. In theory this is a great program. Unfortunately it was poorly run by a woman who had little to no compassion for the women we served. The Salvation Army as a whole encompasses a lot of programs, all run by different people with little communication between them. They are poorly organized and push the salvation agenda pretty hard. I have very deep concerns about programs who help the homeless only after they have listened to a sermon, attended a Bible study, or some sort of other religious function. This is not my gospel. There should be no religious requirements attached to receiving services. Im getting a little off track but this is one of the reasons I no longer support the Salvation Army. While the program I was a part of did not specifically require clients to attend church etc. there was a definite pressure to. This is the first problem I have; when saving someones soul becomes more important than providing for their basic needs. This is not a holistic approach to service and it does not serve the whole person. Another thing I discovered while working for them is the bigotry towards the LGBTQ community. Again, in theory my program was supposed to be better in this area. We operated under a harm reduction model. An example of this would be if you know a client is using drugs you provide them with access to clean needles. Several of our clients were transwomen, or lesbians. They were welcome in the door. Unfortunately this is often were the welcome stopped. I witnessed these women being harassed by other clients and the staff did nothing about it. Sometimes my co-workers were the ones encouraging the abuse. I was told that we did not house lesbians as they may move in with their partner and this was in clean violation with the Bible. Again, this is not my gospel. And my program was tame compared to others underneath the Salvation Army umbrella. If this is the first time youve heard about this I would encourage you to do some research before dropping your money into the kettle. If you are interested in doing something more tangible and forthright I recommend that you click on and print the voucher below, and drop those in the kettle instead. Related Articles <N> fully I am considering entering the Santa Shuffle, but I am concerned with rumours I have heard regarding the Salvation Army. I am a Lesbian, in a relationship for 20 years, and my partner and I have an 11 year old son. As you can understand we do not support homophobic groups, or groups that would not help out our family if we are in need. I recognize that the Salvation Army does great work in helping out families, especially around the holidays, so I'm hoping that you can comment on the Salvations Armies views on gay and lesbian families like mine, and whether your help would indeed be extended to us in a time of need. I look forward to hearing from you. Andy Hello Andy I am very glad that you reached out to me directly. I am also very glad that in this case, I believe the truth will help get us all on the same page, Firstly, let me say that as the largest non-government provider of social services in Canada it is our mission to help anyone in need, period. In every case of assistance, our decision to help or not is based entirely on the individual's need and our capacity to help, and nothing else. We are happy to - and regularly do - provide services to people of every race, religion, belief etc., and certainly this includes any and all members of the LGBTQ community. To answer your question directly, if your family was in need our response would be entirely dictated by your need and our capacity and nothing else. We would be happy to help. Recently, in particular, there have been a couple of stories making the rounds. The Salvation Army responded to those directly a little while back and I am happy to provide the link for your information: _LINKS_ Of these two stories, one is a complete fabrication, which is terrible for all parties involved. The other is an example of one individual - who was employed by The Salvation Army in Australia - saying things that in no way reflect the beliefs of the Army. Immediately - without delay - The Salvation Army across the world came out against those statements, making it clear that while this person was employed by us, he in no way reflected our previously posted and still adhered to beliefs. Our organization is very large - in Canada alone we are in 400 communities and employ 10,000 people - and now are in almost 130 countries. You add all that up and it's a lot of people who 'represent' the Army, and unfortunately sometimes people think ways and act ways that don't jive with our posted beliefs of service to all. This is no excuse, just an unfortunate reality, The very last thing I want to say is that this extends way beyond paper and policy. People share details of their lives beyond what we ask for, so I personally know of clients of ours who are members of the LGBTQ community, and that detail is completely irrelevant when it comes to the services we provide. They are treated no different than anyone else. I apologize if this response is a little long, but I do hope that after reading it and looking into our official responses to recent issues, that you will agree that when it comes to services that we provide to people in need, our top priority is to not discriminate for any reason. We would love to have you at the Santa Shuffle. If for any reason, you decide the Santa Shuffle is not for you, obviously that's fine, but I am glad that you asked this question, and I hope that I have helped shed a little light on the matter. Have a good evening, Daniel Bonner Communications Specialist Maritime Division Public Relations and Development As a Lesbian, I have read the stories and seen the pictures about Salvation Army Christmas bell ringers being homophobic, going so far as to post signs on their kettles "We help people, just not the gays".There is also a story circulating that during a radio interview, a Salvation Army member said that all gays "should be put to death".Like any story I'm sure there are 2 sides. And like many organizations, there are zealots who take their beliefs too far and don't actually reflect the original views of the group they are representing. I don't know anyone who is a member of the Salvation Army, so I've never had the opportunity to sit down with them to discuss their beliefs.I always like to try and do my own research (even if it is just a Google search) on topics before I fully believe something controversial - if you can everbelieve one side over the other. This one has been harder to research. The radio interview seems to be true, since there is a recording off it for all to hear. The pictures of the bell ringers are often debunked as having been Photoshopped . There are very few mainstream news articles about the subject.I started down this road yesterday when a friend posted an upcoming 5 km race on Facebook. There aren't a lot of December races, so I thought I would sign up. But it turns out it's a fundraiser for the Salvation Army. Years of LGBTQ "habits" kicked in, and I said, thanks but no thanks, I'm no supporting. I realized however that I had no actual proof of my own that they were indeed a homophobic organization. So I sent off this email to the contact person for the race:I figured that would be the end of it and that I would not hear back from them. Imagine my surprise when I got a response in less than 2 hours, late on a Friday night.Well then.I feel like I'm back to "Who do I believe?" I doubt if they really are a homophobic group that Daniel would have written that in an email to me. He is after all a Communications Specialist in the Public Relations and Development department. But he talks a good talk and makes it sound like they are very inclusive.I still don't know if I'm going to enter the race and I rarely make cash donations to anyone standing outside a store, bells or no bells, so I don't think that habit will change. <N> The People We Serve Each year, thanks to generous donations, The Salvation Army serves more than 25 million Americans  or one person every second  from a variety of backgrounds. People who come to us for assistance will be served according to their need and our capacity to help  regardless of race, gender, ethnicity, or sexual orientation. The People We Hire The Salvation Army embraces employees of many different faiths and orientations. Our hiring practices are open to all, and we adhere to all relevant employment laws, providing domestic partner benefits accordingly. The People Who Support Us Many people - including those in the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender (LGBT) community - support us with time and financial resources because of a common cause and commitment: To serve people in need. "I called (Harbor Light) and told them everything - that I was on a fixed income, disabled, transgender and trying to get away from my ex. It wasn't even an hour later that they called back and said they'd hold a spot for me. I arrived with nothing but a hope to start my life over and a desire to be strong again. A year and a half later, I was back on my feet. Living there was drama-free and I was never disrespected. They started a community service bug in me that's kept me active to this very day." - Jacquelynn Massengill, Salvation Army volunteer and former transitional housing resident Questions? Don't hesitate to follow up with your local Salvation Army or email its National Headquarters at _EMAIL_ <N> Did someone catch the chupacabra in the Philippines? A hairless beast recently captured in the Philippines is the latest entry into the urban legend that is the chupacabra. The Facebook page The Knowledge Room posted a video of the animal and asked Can anyone tell us what kind of creature this is?? The video has been shared more than 52,900 times and has been viewed more than 2 million times. Can anyone tell us what kind of creature this is?? Posted by The Knowledge Room on Friday, December 25, 2015 RELATED: Texas woman claims she's found a chupacabra In the vidoe, the animal tries to tear away at a cage its inside, clawing at and pulling on the sides. One commenter stated the animal is likely a Malaysian sun bear with mange. RELATED: Is this the chupacabra? The chupacabra is a mythical creature that sucks on the blood of small animals. RELATED: Central Texas man believes he has the carcass of a chupacabra, experts disagree Last year, a Central Texas man found an animal that he believed to be a chupacabra on his farm. Philip Oliveira, of Rockdale, found the animal May 31 on his ranch  about 50 miles west of College Station  with the help of friends Rocky Howe and Richard Cook. Experts debunked this case of the chupacabra by stating that the animal is infact a coyote with sarcoptic mange. _EMAIL_ Twitter: @tylerlwhite <N> About the Sun Bear The reclusive sun bear, smallest member of the bear family, lives an insular life in the dense lowland forests of Southeast Asia. Characteristics Found from southern China to eastern India and as far south as Indonesia, sun bears, also called Malayan sun bears, take their name from the bib-shaped golden or white patch on their chest, which legend says represents the rising sun. They have a stocky, muscular build, small ears, and a short muzzle, which has earned them the nickname dog bear. Their sleek, black coat is short to avoid overheating in the tropical weather but thick and coarse to provide protection from twigs, branches, and rain. Sun bears grow to only about half the size of an American black bear. Males, slightly larger than females, are about 5 feet in length and weigh up to 150 pounds, a stature which suits their arboreal lifestyle and allows them to move easily through the trees. They have even been observed making sleeping platforms high above the ground out of branches and leaves. Diet and Feeding Ironically, sun bears are nocturnal. They lumber through the forests by night, snacking on fruits, berries, roots, insects, small birds, lizards, and rodents. They have an excellent sense of smell and extremely long claws, exceeding four inches in length, which they use to rip open trees and termite nests. They also have an almost comically long tongue for extracting honey from bee nests, giving them their other nickname, honey bear. Reproduction Little is known about the social life of these bears, but there is some evidence that suggests they may be monogamous. Mother bears, called sows, make ground nests and give birth to one or two blind, helpless babies that weigh about 11 ounces. Mothers have actually been observed cradling a cub in their arms while walking on their hind legs, a rare trait among bears. Cubs can move about after two months and are weaned by four months, but they remain with their mothers for two years or more. Conservation <N> Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) KUCHING: Sarawak Forestry Corporation (SFC) today announced with deep regrets, the demise of the gollum-like sun bear in the late evening of May 18. The sun bear which had appeared to be recovering at Matang Wildlife Centre had been very sick for more than a week. An autopsy concluded that the animal died of late-stage cancer. The animal had not been eating well and vomiting. Worrying for its health, emergency medical intervention was performed under sedation. It was also fed with fluids through IV and food through a stomach tube, SFC said in a press statement. Unfortunately, it succumbed to late-stage cancer with metastatis in the lymph nodes and adjacent organs as well as obstruction in the stomach due to primary tumour with origin in the stomach or pancreas. SFC added, A detailed examination of the bear also revealed that it was in fact a very old bear and not just a full adult as previously thought. Cancer aside, the bear had probably reached the end of its natural life span. The sun bear was captured at an oil palm plantation in Bintangor on April 2 and was sent to the Matang Wildlife Centre for rehabilitation. It was found by plantation workers around 7am within the same area where it was first spotted on Jan 30. The video of the sun bear moving through the forest had gone viral due to its appearance. Read more: Slow healing for sun bear at Matang Wildlife Centre Hairless sun bear to be rehabilitated <N> Mr. Trump needs an edge in early mail-in voting to help offset the overwhelming advantage Democrats will have once early in-person voting begins on Oct. 20. Mr. Romneys organization on the ground in North Carolina gave him an edge over the Obama campaign in mail-in voting in 2012, helping him carry the state. While there is too little data to point to any conclusive early-voting trends, the Clinton campaign said it was seeing encouraging signs in other states, including in the Midwest, where Mr. Trump is hoping for a surge of blue-collar support. In Ohio, where polls once showed Mr. Trump leading, the race has tightened recently. Absentee-ballot requests from heavily Democratic Cuyahoga County, home to Cleveland, accounted for one out of every six requests statewide, Mr. Mook said. In 2012, 41 percent of voters in the county voted absentee, and that figure is expected to climb this year. But the Republican National Committees investment in building a more sophisticated voter identification and registration program has been helping the party make up for lost time. Teams have fanned out across swing states, with clipboard-carrying staff members hitting Department of Motor Vehicles lines in Las Vegas, Hispanic evangelical churches in Florida and train stations in Virginia. This is a change from years in which the party failed to create an on-the-ground network that could compete with the one the Obama campaign began working on in 2007. Adding to the challenge, the Republican Party has had to assume the work for the Trump campaign, which has neglected to undertake the kind of voter outreach that Mr. Romney and other nominees did. Weve both learned that you have to change the electorate, said Mr. Young, the Republican National Committee field director. Thats what Obama did so well, and thats what we are doing now. But Republicans are not seeing any clear, heartening trends in the early voting. In Iowa, for example, ballot requests from registered Democrats are down significantly more than requests from Republicans  but after the first debate, Mr. McDonald of the University of Florida found that ballot requests among Republicans there fell further, something he said could be attributable to Mr. Trumps widely panned performance. Registered Republicans in Florida are also ahead of Democrats in the number of mail-in ballots requested  but by a margin of just 81,000. In Nevada, there are almost 23,000 more registered Republicans than there were in 2012, while Democrats have added only about 4,000. <N> The Seabreeze Jazz Festival this past weekend in Panama City Beach broke all previous attendance records - topping 7,500 attendees at 5 p.m. on Saturday! These photos were taken about that time so you can see the size of the audience. Mark Carter, owner of Seabreeze Radio and festival producer, says it was a great crowd with very few problems - "very chilled and happy". "Thank you to all the sponsors, staff, and fans," Mark said. "What a way to celebrate our 15th anniversary!" The Seabreeze Jazz Festival was born in South Walton but needed a bigger venue so it was moved to Aaron Bessant Park next to Pier Park. Mark would like to bring it back to its roots but no facility exists that can handle it. Jazz festival attendees are high-class visitors with money to spend. Maybe Walton County should take a look at funding a venue to aid the ever-present goal of putting heads in beds. If the county doesn't have the land to spare maybe there is an interested landowner out there willing to do a low-cost, long-term lease. The festival brings in a great wave of visitors in a low period following Spring Break. Another successful year like this and it may be too late to bring it back to SoWal. Photos courtesy Seabreeze Jazz Festival <N> The crowds are building at Aaron Bessant Park in Panama City Beach ahead of Tuesday's campaign rally for Donald Trump. Gates officially opened for the rally at 4:30 pm, and the crowd has steadily been pouring in. Organizers are expecting up to 7500 people at the rally. Trump is expected to land at Beaches International Airport at 7 pm. The rally officially starts at 7:30 pm and runs until approximately 9 pm. We have crews at the airport, inside the rally as well as outside the rally. We'll bel live streaming the rally once it starts. Here's the web address for the live stream: _LINKS_ <N> There were thousands of people at Aaron Bessant Park Tuesday night at the campaign rally for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. But how many thousand exactly? According to the Panama City Beach Fire Department, between 8,000 and 8,500 people were inside of Aaron Bessant Park for the rally, with another 10,000 to 11,000 just outside the park. During Tuesday night's rally, Trump estimated the crowd at 10,000 inside the rally with another 11,000 just outside the rally. There had been some confusion with the numbers, because Trump campaign officials talked about a 7,500 ticket limit for the event when it was announced. There were no major incidents at Tuesday night's event, despite the enormous crowd. By all accounts, everything went about as smoothly as can be expected with a political rally of that size. <N> Share Pinterest Email EDITOR'S NOTE: Some social sites are touting these shots as the result of Hurricane Matthew. These are from 2009, NOT 2016 -- though we'd imagine Daytona probably looks about like this as the hurricane passes nearby. The Daytona International Speedway looks more like the Daytona aquarium these days. The Daytona Beach, Fla., has received more than 17 inches of rain since Sunday, and the water level inside the race track is rising. Photos taken by AutoWeek reader Jim Foreman show that parts the race surface have flooded, with water levels as much as halfway up the protective SAFER barrier that lines the walls. Also, the tunnel under the track that provides access to the infield is flooded. A tunnel to the track infield is flooded. Photo by JIM FOREMAN A track spokesman said the flood waters have not apparently caused any damage to the track. The speedway will be ready for the July 4 NASCAR Sprint Cup race, the spokesman said. <N> - dition du mercredi 9 mai 2001 - Edition spciale : l'tat d'avancement des oeuvres < Edition prcdente : 8 mai 2001 > Edition suivante : 10 mai 2001 Si ce journal vous intresse, si vous dsirez nous envoyer commentaires ou suggestions, contactez-nous! La Photo du jour Tard dans la nuit, Strijdom s'exerce aux chasses avec un vrai chasseur namurois. L'tat d'avancement des oeuvres Entre Faulx et Haut-Bois, Made L'oeuvre de Made, "Les quatres saisons de Viv aldi" progresse. L'trange orchestre situ dans un petit bois, le long de la route entre Haut-bois et Faulx commence  prendre corps. Faulx-les-Tombes, Algirdas Kuzma La grande jarre de Algirdas Kuzma est termine. L'artiste lithuanien peut maintenant se consacrer  son hobby : peindre les paysages de la rgion La grande jarre de Algirdas Kuzma est termine. L'artiste lithuanien peut maintenant se consacrer  son hobby : peindre les paysages de la rgion Haut-Bois, Strijdom Van der Merwe Deux chasseurs sont maintenant redress. Le troisime est en voie de finition. Deux chasseurs sont maintenant redress. Le troisime est en voie de finition. Faulx-les-Tombes, Annechien Meyer Le jardin de Annechien Meyer (Allotment garden) sera bientt termin. Elle a reu un coup de main des enfants pour planter fleurs et lgumes. Le jardin de Annechien Meyer (Allotment garden) sera bientt termin. Elle a reu un coup de main des enfants pour planter fleurs et lgumes. Gesves, Jean-Nol Fessy La caravane de Jean-Nol Fessy est presque termine. Il lui reste quelques finitions et elle pourra quitter le "bivouac" du Pourrain... Haut-Bois, Sten Sten a commenc de peindre les arbres avec l'aide d'enfants d'ici et des coliers venus de la Meuse franaise. Sten a commenc de peindre les arbres avec l'aide d'enfants d'ici et des coliers venus de la Meuse franaise. < Edition prcdente : 8 mai 2001 > Edition suivante : 10 mai 2001 Edition prcdente :Edition suivante : Si ce journal vous intresse, si vous dsirez nous envoyer commentaires ou suggestions, contactez-nous! Copyright  2001 ,Conception graphique et reportage: H. Van Rymenam <N> President Obama has demanded all Americans "celebrate gay sex" for the month of June 2016. See Example( s ) President Obama issued a Presidential Proclamation officially recognizing June 2016 as LGBT Pride Month. Sexual activity of any sort was not mentioned in the proclamation; no portion of the document was a directive. On 1 June 2016, the web site Fury News published an article widely shared on social media, reporting that President Obama demanded that the United States celebrates gay sex: Happy Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride month everyone! Screw what the majority of the American population feels or thinks. By royal decree, the King has just announced that the month of June will be dedicated to celebrating the LBGT community. Heres King Obamas royal decree, which can be found on Whitehouse.gov[.] The article went on to quote a 31 May 2016 Presidential Proclamation that officially recognized the month of June 2016 as LGBT Pride Month, but despite what it reported, the proclamation did not mandate participation. nor did it mention gay sex: Since our founding, America has advanced on an unending path toward becoming a more perfect Union. This journey, led by forward-thinking individuals who have set their sights on reaching for a brighter tomorrow, has never been easy or smooth. The fight for dignity and equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people is reflected in the tireless dedication of advocates and allies who strive to forge a more inclusive society. They have spurred sweeping progress by changing hearts and minds and by demanding equal treatment  under our laws, from our courts, and in our politics. This month, we recognize all they have done to bring us to this point, and we recommit to bending the arc of our Nation toward justice. Last years landmark Supreme Court decision guaranteeing marriage equality in all 50 States was a historic victory for LGBT Americans, ensuring dignity for same-sex couples and greater equality across State lines. For every partnership that was not previously recognized under the law and for every American who was denied their basic civil rights, this monumental ruling instilled newfound hope, affirming the belief that we are all more free when we are treated as equals. LGBT individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them. That is why my Administration is striving to better understand the needs of LGBT adults and to provide affordable, welcoming, and supportive housing to aging LGBT Americans. It is also why we oppose subjecting minors to the harmful practice of conversion therapy, and why we are continuing to promote equality and foster safe and supportive learning environments for all students. We remain committed to addressing health disparities in the LGBT community  gay and bisexual men and transgender women of color are at a particularly high risk for HIV, and we have worked to strengthen our National HIV/AIDS Strategy to reduce new infections, increase access to care, and improve health outcomes for people living with HIV. Despite the extraordinary progress of the past few years, LGBT Americans still face discrimination simply for being who they are. I signed an Executive Order in 2014 that prohibits discrimination against Federal employees and contractors on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity. I urge the Congress to enact legislation that builds upon the progress we have made, because no one should live in fear of losing their job simply because of who they are or who they love. And our commitment to combatting discrimination against the LGBT community does not stop at our borders: Advancing the fair treatment of all people has long been a cornerstone of American diplomacy, and we have made defending and promoting the human rights of LGBT individuals a priority in our engagement across the globe. In line with Americas commitment to the notion that all people should be treated fairly and with respect, champions of this cause at home and abroad are upholding the simple truth that LGBT rights are human rights. There remains much work to do to extend the promise of our country to every American, but because of the acts of courage of the millions who came out and spoke out to demand justice and of those who quietly toiled and pushed for progress, our Nation has made great strides in recognizing what these brave individuals long knew to be true in their hearts  that love is love and that no person should be judged by anything but the content of their character. During Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month, as Americans wave their flags of pride high and march boldly forward in parades and demonstrations, let us celebrate how far we have come and reaffirm our steadfast belief in the equal dignity of all Americans. NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim June 2016 as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month. I call upon the people of the United States to eliminate prejudice everywhere it exists, and to celebrate the great diversity of the American people. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this thirty-first day of May, in the year of our Lord two thousand sixteen, and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and fortieth. <N> Claim: A coed fatally skewers herself while masturbating with a broom handle. LEGEND Examples: [Collected via e-mail, 1999] A story that I heard that was kind of like the hot dog one was that there was this girl who got drunk at a party then she went home and she was really horny so she used a broom stick to pleasure herself. She was standing on the table for some reason and her mom walked in on her. She jumped off the table and the broomstick went up her and it killed her. I doubt this is true but this girl just told me that. [Collected via e-mail, 1999] I heard something close to your frozen hotdog story. But it was about an athletic girl, who was doing arm pull ups. And after awhile she started to get horny from the up and down motion. So she found a broom and started to do her pull ups again, with the broom inside of her. After awhile her mom comes in to tell her that dinner is ready, but she walks in while the girl is masterbating with the broom. The mom screams and scares the girl, that she forgets the broom is underneathe her and she lets go of the bar. Then the broom goes through all of her organs, and comes out of her mouth and ends up killing the girl. [Collected via e-mail, 1999] A teenager reportedly was experimenting in her ways of masturbation. Her mother was rarely away from the house, so she had not come across too many opportunities to masturbate, but one day her mother came home from work, worn out, and told her that she was going to draw herself a bubble bath and not to expect her for at least an hour. The teenage girl took advantage of this time slot and decided to experiment with rubbing herself with various objects, and one of them was a broom. Finding she could not do much with the broom in her bed, she moved into the kitchen and situated herself on top of the refrigerator. Apparently her mother surprised her by opening the bathroom door before the hour was up, and the girl, not wanting her mother to find her in this compromising position, hurriedly hopped off of the refrigerator, without removing the broom handle. The broom handle was shoved up inside of her and came out her eye. [Collected via e-mail, 1999] My friends dad was the director of one of our local hospitals. One day after coming home from work he told his son about something that had happened that day (even though it was supposedly confidential). He said a gay male had been admitted to the hospital that day. The problem was the guy, trying to get off, rigged up this sex toy type thing. It supposedly consisted of several pulleys attached to the ceiling and a broom, which was inserted into the rectum. The idea was when the guy, who was suspended from the ceiling or something, pulled on one rope the broom would pleasure him. But then something went terribly wrong and it broke sending the broom up the rectum and through his stomach. Later family or friends found him (embarrassing Im sure) hanging there with a broom up his butt. Variations: Almost without fail, when the story features a woman she will be described as a girl, a term that serves to identify her as a sexually curious teen rather than as an adult with peculiar tastes. The deceaseds mother usually features prominently in the tale, either by the shock of her discovery of the masturbatory act precipitating the accidental fatal impalement or through fear of her making that discovery prompting the youngster to take ill-conceived steps to conceal her activity. Sometimes the broomstick death is used to complete other legends of sexual misadventure by having the embarrassed party expiate guilt by suicide in this manner (e.g. girl caught masturbating with a hotdog sharpens a broom handle, inserts it into herself, and jumps off a refrigerator). A few tellings change what is most often a horny teen girl tale into one featuring a gay man whose proclivities send him to the emergency room or the morgue. Origins: Our 1998 article about the hapless hotdog lover (teen girl who pleasures herself with a frozen weiner has to be taken to a hospital to have the hot dog fished out, a process that serves to bring her solitary activity to light) prompted many of our readers to ask about a related tale of masturbatory misadventure involving a broom. Though we cannot pinpoint how long this particular urban legend has been circulating, it has clearly been part of the genre for many a year. Akin to other tales of parental discovery of masturbation (e.g. one we call the Tea-Bird in the Hand ), its Mother, the ultimate moral figure who happens upon the scene of her child experimenting with self-gratification, never Dad. At least in the world of lore, fathers are not perceived as wielding the same power of disapproval mothers are expected to dish out, so good storytelling demands the parent deemed more easily shocked and less likely to be permissive about sexual matters be the one called upon to witness the act. Yet parental discovery there must be because mere death (even one involving being skewered on a broom handle) is not enough; Mother has to witness with her own eyes what her dearest darling was doing if the underlying moral of this cautionary tale is to be transmitted adequately. (Teens fear parental discovery far more than loss of life because the one is far more real a possibility to them.) In the broom story, the girl doing the experimenting pays for her expanded sexual knowledge and uncontrollable lust with her life. That same lust results in other deaths by impalement in another urban legend, the venerable girl on a gearshift  tale, in which other young ladies overcome by sensations of sexual tension attempt to relieve them with equally fatal results. Underlying all of these stories are two shared themes: inappropriate sexual knowledge and uncontrollable lust, both seen as daunting concepts by the average teen. That sense of trepidation is put into words in these cautionary tales which warn teens (especially girls) against the dangers of letting their burgeoning sexual feelings take them over by presenting wildly improbable worst-case scenarios of what could happen if they ever did unleash that particular ravening beast. Barbara beast of burgeon Mikkelson <N> Claim: After a young man slips his date an aphrodisiac and leaves her alone in the car, he returns to find that she has impaled herself on the stick shift handle in a sexual frenzy. LEGEND Example: [Collected via e-mail, 1995] A friend at work says that when she was in high school a story circulated about a boy who wanted to sleep with his girlfriend, but she was unwilling. After he complained to his friends about this state of affairs, someone suggested he try Spanish fly. He agrees and gets some. A friend at work says that when she was in high school a story circulated about a boy who wanted to sleep with his girlfriend, but she was unwilling. After he complained to his friends about this state of affairs, someone suggested he try Spanish fly. He agrees and gets some. They go to a drive-in movie, and he slips the spanish fly in her drink. A while passes and nothing happens, so he gets out to go to the bathroom. While he is out of the car she, in a fit of sexual frustration, impales herself on the gearshift. Variations: Where the boy takes his date varies: usually either a drive-in movie or parking at some secluded spot. movie or parking at some secluded spot. The reason why the boy leaves his date alone for a few minutes also varies: generally either to go to the bathroom or to visit to the drive-ins snack bar. Sometimes one (or both) of the participants is a well-known community member. Origins: The legend that Spanish fly (or cantharides, a substance made from dried beetle remains) is a powerful aphrodisiac has been around for hundreds of years. The substance irritates the urogenital tract and produces an itching sensation in sensitive membranes, a feeling that allegedly increases a womans desire for intercourse. No medical or scientific test has ever shown Spanish fly to be deserving of its reputation as an aphrodisiac, however, and its indiscriminate use can result in serious medical problems. The legend of the girl and the gearshift lever has been circulating since at least the early 1950s, and has probably been in existence as long as automobiles have been around. The legend combines the male fantasy of a love potion that turns any female into a willing sexual partner with a sort of medical sorcerers apprentice horror story about the perils of the uninitiated attempting to cast powerful spells they cant control. Perhaps the latter point plays on the adolescent male fear of the (perceived) strength and irrationality of the female sex drive; the idea that even a nice girl is really a ravening sexual beast just waiting to be awakened, and that if you do arouse this primal lust, it will be more than you can handle. (Female hypersexuality is a common feature of adolescent sex legends.) There may also an element of the sexist caint leave em alone fer a minute in the fact that the boy leaves, then comes back to find his girlfriend sexually active. The unfortunate young man then experiences the ultimate American male nightmare: being cuckolded by his own automobile. <N> 3 stabbed, 13 arrested at KKK rally in California. William Quigg, the Ku Klux Klan leader arrested in Anaheim, California melee was previously in South Carolina in support of Black Church shooter Dylan Roof and the confederate flag His Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan is headed by North Carolina man who is FBI informant By Nate Thayer February 27, 2016 Three people were stabbed during a violent melee at a Ku Klux Klan rally in Anaheim, California today. At least one was critically wounded, according to police. 13 people were arrested following the violence, including at least seven Klan members, two of whom are accused of stabbings, said Anaheim Police Sergeant Daron Wyatt. One of those arrested was said to be William Quigg, the California Grand Dragonor state chapter headof the North Carolina based Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. He also serves as the West Coast King Kleagle of the LWKor chief recruiter for the Klan faction. Quiggs real name is William Billy Hagen, of Anaheim, according to other members of the LKW Klan faction. Three people were stabbed during a violent melee at a Ku Klux Klan rally in Anaheim, California today. At least one was critically wounded, according to police. 13 people were arrested following the violence, including at least seven Klan members, two of whom are accused of stabbings, said Anaheim Police Sergeant Daron Wyatt. The violence was instigated by anti-Klan counter-protestors, said several eyewitness and police. As soon as several Klan members arrived at the site of the approved demonstration, they were attacked by a larger contingent of counter-protestors. As soon as they got out of their vehicle, immediately they were attacked by counter-protesters and this caused a melee down the block, Anaheim Police Sergeant Daron Wyatt said. Anaheim police came under criticism for having no police presence at the site of the violent fracas, which extended for a city block. The Klan had a permit to demonstrate and the authorities knew there would be a contingent of counter protestors present at least two days prior to the protest. Counter Protestors arrived at Pierson Park at about 11:00 and Klan members showed up about two hours later. A black sport utility vehicle pulled up and several KKK men dressed in black uniforms covered in Klan and confederate flag insignia got out and began to unload signs when about 50 counter-protesters attacked them with flying debris and physical assaults. Three people were stabbed by the fire hydrant, Darren Simpson, 49, told the Los Angeles Times. These Klan guys were fighting for their lives. There were no police present for nearly 5 minutes, when the violence broke out. The Klan members attempted to get back into the car but it sped off, leaving three of them behind, Dion Garcia, 37 told the Times. The angry mob chased the Klansmen down the block, yelling Get out of here! Youre not welcome! Garcia said. It was crazy, he said, adding: A lot of us were trying to break it up. This was not necessary, they should have just let the Klan protest. This is America, we have free speech. One of the counter-demonstrators was stabbed with a flag pole flying the American flag. A photograph published by the Associated Press shows the Grand Dragon of the Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, William Quigg, wielding the flag pointed at a demonstrator who was later photographed with stab wound injuries to his upper chest. That man was taken to a hospital in critical condition, Anaheim police spokesman Wyatt said. Sgt. Daron Wyatt says a Klan member was stomped on by counter-protesters during another altercation about 100 feet away. Details are contradictory and emerging, but several show Quigg involved in the fracas. The Loyal White Knights are known as one of the most incendiary and violent of the numerous Klan factions spread around the U.S. On Martin Luther King Day in January this same LWK Klan group distributed racist flyers in nearby Santa Ana, about 8 miles south of Anaheim, reading On Martin Luther King Day, you are celebrating a communist pervert. The fliers carried the name and phone number of the Loyal White Knights of the KKK national headquarters in North Carolina. The Loyal White Knights of the KKK Imperial Wizardor national leaderChris Barker also wears another hat: Christopher Eugene Barker works as an undercover agent for the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigationworking for and protected by the U.S. Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF). In July of 2015, Barker took out the legal permit and organized a demonstration in support of Dylan Roofthe 21 year-old South Carolina man who killed nine black parishioners in a Charleston church the month beforeand in protest of the state taking down the Confederate flag. But Barker, who bills himself head of the largest Klan in America, could not attend his own rally. Part of my federal parole is I can not be involved in any Klan work, said Barker in an interview July 16. But that doesnt stop Barker from working full-time as the national Klan leader. He holds no other employment and is well-known within the Klan movement as in full control and active in the daily organizing of his members nationwide. In Barkers stead in South Carolina last July was Jeff Schoep, the leader of the largest Nazi party in the United States, who was the featured speaker, according to several sources in the Ku Klux Klan, the National Socialist Movement (NSM), and law enforcement sources. Schoep leads the neo Nazi NSM, with chapters in 38 states. We were invited by Chris Barker of the Loyal White Knights. We stand with him in defence of American values,  said NSM spokesman Brian Culpepper in an interview. Commander Jeff Schoep will be a featured speaker at the event. Also at that rally at the South Carolina capitol building, which gained widespread national attention in the wake of the church shooting, was William Quigg, the same head of Barkers California chapter of the Loyal White Knights of the KKK who was both injured and arrested today in the violent melee in Anaheim. In South Carolina last July, Quigg told reporters Jesus was not a Jew, Catholics are not true Christians, and there was no Holocaust. Quigg added Okay, maybe a little Holocaust  but not as bad as they say. In September, 2015 Quigg tweeted @realDonaldTrump You Sir are the only hope we have of getting WHITE AMERICA BACK! WE all will be voting for you! CHURCH OF INVISABLE EMPIRE In August 2012, a federal grand jury heard recordings of conversations between a New York man who was trying to develop a radioactive ray gun and Chris Barker, the Imperial Wizard of the Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, who was taping the call as a confidential informant and cooperating witness of the Federal Bureau of Investigation The New York man had earlier contacted Barker and emailed the Klan leader, unbeknownst to the government, according to the FBI, and the two began to collaborate. Barker became so involved that on July 27, 2012, The New York man told an undercover FBI agent he was in contact with Barker and suggested he call Barker, according to emails obtained by this reporter. The Knights [Barkers group] may have the resources to invest and bring the project to fulfillment, wrote the man trying to develop a radioactive ray gun device. On August 7, Barker was arrested on unrelated federal charges of possession of a firearm by a convicted felon, according to Forsyth County, North Carolina, law enforcement officials and sources close to the investigation. Three days after he was arrested, he told the cops about the scheme and cut a deal with the FBI. While sitting in the can, on August 10 he called the FBI and sold the government this ridiculous story about how he had information of a plot with enough explosives in New Jersey to blow up New Jersey and New York together, said one source familiar with the case. Barker is a rogue white supremacist with a long record that includes multiple DUI charges, numerous arrests for violence, and such a loathsome reputation that even other Klansman regularly denounce him. In fact, Barker was a key suspect in a 2011 defacing of a church, an incident that led to him getting kicked out of one Klan group. Barker remains in the FBIs good graces and under their protection and guidance, even though he is the chief suspect in the painting of a swastika on a synagogue in Southeastern Virginia in July 2011a hate crime that has gone curiously unpursued, according to local and federal law enforcement, KKK members, and synagogue officials. On that Independence Day weekend, four members of the Rebel Brigades of the Ku Klux Klan attended a cross burning in rural southeastern Virginia, got drunk, drove to Danville, and desecrated the Beth Shalom Synagogue by painting a swastika on the front door. Local police opened a criminal investigation; the FBI was notified immediately that a hate crime had occurred. Chris Barker has been very high on the list of suspects for the synagogue incident since the get-go, said Danville police chief Philip Broadfoot in an interview in July 2015. Multiple Klan officials, others with knowledge of events that night, and four law enforcement officials confirmed that Barker was the ringleader behind the hateful vandalism. Two months after the incident, one of those who committed the crime confessed to the Rebel Brigades of the Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard and named the people, including Loyal White Knights Imperial Wizard Chris Barker, as responsible. The other KKK group promptly expelled the four members, including Barker and his wife. You do not deface houses of worshipever, said Rebel Brigades leader Billy Snuffer. We kicked them out in the third week of September, 2011 when we found out. Chris Barker gives the Klan a black eye. No one has been arrested for the crime, though in July 2015 the FBI listed the case as investigation closed, according to public records. God said you should always find something good in someone, but I dont think God has ever met Chris Barker, said the Rebel Brigades of the KKK leader Snuffer. <N> STATE COLLEGE, PA. - Sen. Bernie Sanders on Tuesday night fueled a raucous crowd at Penn State University, rallying the mostly student gathering into a frenzy of applause, screams and chants. "It looks like Penn State is ready for a revolution," Sanders said in his opening words after a thunderous reception fitted for a rock star. Standing at a podium on a stage on the floor of Rec Hall, the venue used for gymnastics and volleyball events, the Vermont Democrat was at the epicenter of his strongest base - millennials. The overwhelming majority of the crowd was made of college students, many of them wearing Sanders T-shirts, almost all his campaign buttons. Sanders elicited thunderous applause and cheers from the crowd as he reeled off a list of now familiar campaign talking points, including racial and income inequality, women's rights, a corrupt Wall Street and election campaign financing and health care. He challenged his rival Hillary Clinton to release her transcripts from Wall Street speeches and vowed he would release all of the transcripts of his speeches. Sanders got the loudest applause for his points about the environment and climate change as well as his promise to provide free public college tuition. Both got the 6,655-strong crowd on his feet and shaking the Sanders placards. Sanders framed his message around the idea that the status quo must be transformed, reeling off the advances made in the face of opposition in the struggle for gay rights, civil rights and women's rights. He mentioned raising the minimum wage, reforming Wall Street and getting super PAC money out of the elections. "The United States is the only major country on earth that does not guarantee health care rights," Sanders said, promising healthcare for all, especially the under-insured. On the environment, Sanders said climate change was real and caused by human activity. Already, he added, the world was seeing its devastating consequences. He related "a scary truth" - the fact that scientists are "telling us we have short window of opportunity to change the energy system from fossil fuel to sustainable energy." "We have to stand together take on fossil fuel industry," Sanders said. The crowd, which began to queue up as early as 7 a.m., filled Rec Hall to capacity. Those on the floor stood shoulder to shoulder, with a sizeable media pool corralled off by metal barricades. The Vermont Democrat, who trails Clinton, opted to be in Pennsylvania tonight and not New York, which was holding its primary. Clinton - as well as GOP front-runner Donald Trump - was heavily favored to win New York, even as some polls showed a close race in the Democratic side. Sanders noted the energy and enthusiasm of his campaign and base, vowing to generate the "kind of voter turn out that not only allows us to retain the White House but regain the U.S Senate and do better in the House." He noted the need to reinvigorate American democracy, mentioning that the U.S. has the lowest voter turnout rate of major countries on earth. He said he wanted to see more people engaged in the political and election process "regardless of our views." Sanders missed practically no one going down the list of minority communities and his promise to usher in equality for them, including blacks, Native Americans, Latinos, the LGBT community and women. He spoke at length about a broken criminal system that heavily burdens the black community, filling prisons at times with offenders who face minor drug charges while Wall Street CEOs got away with crimes, for which they earned pay raises. "We are listening to the African-American community," Sanders said to a round of applause. His message on this night seemed to resonate through and through with the crowd. "I like the idea of free college," said Jessica Hochreiter of Lancaster, who was in line at noon and got a standing space in front of the podium stage. "That sounds great. I have to jobs to support myself through college. Free college would be great...it would allow me to concentrate on my studies." At stake next week in Pennsylvania for Sanders and Clinton are 234 Democratic delegates. Penn State, which located in Centre County, leans overwhelmingly Democratic in presidential races. The majority of residents on campus generally tend to sit out midterm elections. While the majority of students attending the rally were white, a fair number of minority students, including blacks, Hispanic and Asian students, joined the raucous crowd. Atamosi Hagins, who is black, said he thought the older generation of African-American Democratic voters aligned with Clinton because they were familiar with her and her platform. The younger voters, though, he said, tended to support Sanders. "They support her because it's a bit of nostalgia," he said. "They know her and are familiar with her, not so much with Bernie." Hagins said up until recently he was not too familiar with the Sanders platform but that after some research, he decided to support him. "He has been more consistent with his views," he said. "Hillary Clinton has a troubling history...referencing young blacks as 'super predators.' That impacted millions of people." Serge Gaba, a senior majoring in computer science, said black voters may be more familiar with Clinton, but that Sanders deserved their vote. "His record as a civil rights supporter is amazing," he said. "He's been there for the black community." Demi Paez echoed his sentiments, adding that black voters tend to identify with Clinton because she is woman, but that Sanders "He definitely knows how to get in touch with student in terms knowing what they want and actually listening to them," said Paez, an economics major. Many of the students got in line for the rally early in the day - some as early as 7 a.m. The rally attracted a contingency of about 15 of the campus Students for Trump group, which has in recent months grown to more than 80 students. Ryan Belz, a member of the group, said representatives of the group were there to "silently protest" and to honor the candidate's First Amendment rights, "unlike some of Clinton's and Sanders' supporters,' The Trump supporters, who all were wearing Trump T-shirts, were visibly livid shortly after doors opened and they were informed they would not be allowed on the floor, and had to take seats at a far bleacher. "I wish they had told us that before we stood in line all that time," Belz said. "This is absolutely ludicrous. We are not here to protest but support Bernie Sanders' First Amendment rights." Among the youngest attendees, Sebastian Morello, 11, bemoaned that he wasn't old enough to vote for Sanders. "I wish I could," said Morello, who wore a red Sanders T-shirt, and whose mother introduced Sanders. "In this race there is a bunch of candidates who will influence my life and I don't have a say in it...so I try to get people to vote for Bernie Sanders." Alejandro Herrera, a Colombian native who is voting in a presidential race for the first time, said Sanders had rallied support from Latino students on campus. "He definitely has our vote and support among college students," he said. With polls in New York just hours from closing, Sanders excoriated the elections process in that state, citing not only the closed primary that excludes independent voters but the fact that some polls didn't open until noon. Despite all that, Sanders said, "we are going to do just fine in New York," to which the crowd cheered loudly. Sanders said his campaign was built on truth, adding that a president alone cannot solve all the problems of the country. "When we stand together there is nothing that we cannot accomplish," Sanders told the approving crowd. Exiting Rec Hall, Josh Hark, a Penn State sophomore, gave an approving review of the rally. "I thought it was a very exciting speech," he said. "For me it's his message overall." Joshua Godbolt, a senior from Philadelphia, said he was disappointed that Sanders did not talk about foreign policy - specifically the crisis generated by the Syrian refugee crisis, ISIS and the Taliban. "There are a lot of foreign policy issues facing this country," he said. "But overall, this was the best I could hope for." <N> Thousands of people turned out to see Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders in Sacramento Monday night.Actor Danny Glover introduced Sanders, who got a rock star welcome from supporters who filled an outdoor stadium.An estimated 15,000 people, in fact, were feeling the Bern. Sanders said he's in it to win in California."We are going to fight for every vote until June 14 and we are going to take the political revolution to the convention in Philadelphia," Sanders said.People waited in line for hours in the hot sun and some were overcome by the heat and needed medical attention.Colleen Erikson and her friends feel disenfranchised as voters. They believe Sanders' message is fresh, despite his narrowing chance of defeating rival Hillary Clinton."You don't have to go with Hillary, you can trust in Bernie. I think the wave is getting bigger and its contagious," Erikson said."I'm feeling the revolution," Oakland resident Nina Moore said."Whether Bernie makes it or not is not a testament to what the people feel, but I think it's more important whether Bernie has started something that made everybody else wake up," supporter Ann Wenzel said.Sanders said Clinton isn't the enemy -- Trump is. "If you want to make absolutely certain that we defeat Trump, if you want to make absolutely certain that we have an energetic grassroots campaign, which results in a large voter turnout, this is the campaign to support," he said.Sanders' next California stop is Stockton on Tuesday. <N> CLAIM Photograph depicts massive rally for Bernie Sanders in Washington Square Park in April 2016. See Example( s ) EXAMPLES Collected via e-mail, April 2016 Berned world pic.twitter.com/8SR1Lwk4VO  emgfind (@emgfind) April 15, 2016 My Bernie-obsessed friends are circulating this claiming they are shots from Sanders' recent rally in Washington Square Park. This doesn't appear to be Washington Square Park. Thoughts? RATING ORIGIN In mid-April 2016, the above-reproduced image purportedly depicting a Bernie Sanders rally in New York City began circulating on social media, captioned as follows: And I watched with tears in my eyes  As the world BERNED. Social media users likely found the image plausible as it appeared to reflect reporting on the 13 April 2016 Bernie Sanders rally in Washington Square Park, attendance for which was estimated at around 27,000 people. Photographs from the Sanders event were easy to find. However, this particular image was not linked with the Sanders rally. In fact, it depicted a far larger demonstration that occurred more than a year earlier: It was taken in January 2015 in Paris, France, following the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attacks. <N> KINSHASA  - At least 230 people were killed when a fuel tanker overturned and exploded in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, unleashing a fire ball that tore through homes and cinemas packed with people watching World Cup soccer. Soldiers walk past an overturned burnt tanker in Sange July 3, 2010. At least 230 people were killed when a fuel tanker overturned and exploded in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, unleashing a fire ball that tore through homes and cinemas packed with people watching World Cup soccer. REUTERS TV Officials said on Saturday the explosion late on Friday also injured 196 people, adding that the death toll could rise. They described scenes of devastation in the town of Sange, where houses were burned and bodies littered the streets. Some people died while trying to steal fuel leaking from the tanker, but most were killed at home or watching World Cup soccer in cinemas. Many of the bodies were charred beyond recognition. United Nations helicopters began airlifting injured people to hospital, while Congos army, which lost a number of men in the blast, has sent soldiers in to help with the rescue. Our latest numbers are 230 dead and 196 injured, Madnodje Mounoubai, a spokesman for the U.N. mission, said. Congos government also gave the same number of dead. Marcellin Cisambo, governor of South Kivu province, where the incident took place, said the blast occurred when the fuel truck overturned, leaked fuel and then later exploded. Video grab shows victims of a tanker explosion in a makeshift hospital in Sange July 3, 2010. QUALITY FROM SOURCE. REUTERS TV It was not immediately clear what caused the initial accident or later blast, but local people said the truck, which was part of a convoy, stopped when the road seemed to crumble, toppling the vehicle and spilling fuel. Fire then erupted. Its a terrible scene. There are lots of dead bodies on the streets. The population is in terrible shock  no one is crying or speaking, Jean-Claude Kibala, South Kivus vice governor, said from Sange, which is between the towns of Bukavu and Uvira. We are trying to see how we can coordinate with (the U.N.) to manage the situation and how to take the wounded to hospital, he added. TANKER ACCIDENTS Roads in the area are notoriously bad after years of war and neglect in the vast central African nation. Some people were killed trying to steal the fuel, but most of the deaths were of people who were indoors watching the (World Cup) match, Cisambo said. There have been numerous similar accidents across Africa, where crowds gather around fuel tankers involved in crashes, only for the tanker to explode. Millions of football fans across Africa were watching Ghana, the continents last team in the World Cup, play Uruguay in the quarterfinals of the tournament on Friday evening. Video grab shows victims of a tanker explosion in plastic bags in Sange July 3, 2010. QUALITY FROM SOURCE. REUTERS TV For many, who have no electricity at home, makeshift cinema halls are the only option for watching the football. My children were watching the football match in the cinema and then they ran out to see the petrol, said Kiza Ruvinira, who lost three children and his sister-in-law in the blast. I went out to see what happened and I found my three childrens bodies myself. I dont know how to go on. Mubaya Mumasura also lost three family members: I dont know what to do with myself I am so sad. I want the government to assist all the victims and help us. Congos weak government has difficulty providing even the most basic services, so U.N. peacekeepers began airlifting some of the wounded to nearby hospitals and aid workers were called in to help with medical treatment. The national Red Cross is working on collecting the bodies and taking them to the morgue, but the priority is obviously to take the wounded to the hospital, International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) coordinator Inah Kaloga told Reuters. Kaloga said aid workers were trying to identify bodies before they were buried, but many were completely charred. Its a catastrophe, said Captain Olivier Hamuli, spokesman for Congos military operation in South Kivu, adding that 13 soldiers had been injured and another 10 were missing. The Kenyan driver of the truck is being held by the police. Alain Ilunga, deputy CEO of Congos storage and distribution company, which is already investigating the incident, said the truck was carrying 49,000 liters of petrol at the time. <N> Many bodies were discovered in villages surrounding Jos Days of deadly violence between Muslims and Christians in Nigeria last week was fuelled by inflammatory text messages, a religious leader has told the BBC. Rev Joseph Hayab said hundreds of texts circulated around the city of Jos - some urging Christians not to buy food from Muslims "because it was poisoned". Another told Muslims the state governor had ordered their water supply to be cut in an attempt to kill them. Police say 326 people died in the riots - other estimates are much higher. Muslim officials have told rights groups that 364 Muslims were killed. Christian leaders have not yet confirmed a death toll - although earlier estimates said around 65 Christians had died. More than 300 people have been arrested. 'Dump them in a pit' Rev Hayab told the BBC's Network Africa programme that messages had been circulating among both Christians and Muslims. JOS, PLATEAU STATE Deadly riots in 2001 and 2008 City divided into Christian and Muslim areas Divisions accentuated by system of classifying people as indigenes and settlers Hausa-speaking Muslims living in Jos for decades are still classified as settlers Settlers find it difficult to stand for election Divisions also exist along party lines: Christians mostly back the ruling PDP; Muslims generally supporting the opposition ANPP 'Our homes were razed' In pictures: Nigeria riot aftermath "I received hundreds of these text messages - some people wanted to know whether the things they were hearing were true, some were sending them to me to alert me that there was danger," he said. The AFP news agency quoted rights groups as saying more than 145 different messages had been sent helping to escalate the violence. The agency quoted one message as saying: "War, war, war. Stand up... and defend yourselves. Kill before they kill you. Slaughter before they slaughter you. Dump them in a pit before they dump you." And messages continued to circulate last weekend warning Christians that Muslims intended to attack churches. There were no subsequent attacks on churches and religious leaders have urged people to ignore the messages. Police are trying to find the source of the messages, AFP reports. Violence erupted in the city early last week, rapidly spreading to nearby villages. Several thousand people remain displaced, having abandoned their homes to escape the violence. Jos, the capital of Plateau state, lies between Nigeria's mainly Muslim north and predominantly Christian south and has seen sectarian riots in the recent past. But analysts say the real cause of the violence is a struggle for political superiority in the city. Bookmark with: Delicious Digg reddit Facebook StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version <N> This article describes one method your veterinarian might use to fistulate a dairy cow. Fistulated cows can be used as donors for a procedure called transfaunation, which is the process of transferring rumen microbes from one cow to another. Transfaunation may be helpful in treating cows that are severely off-feed, particularly in cases of pronounced acidosis. Utilization of donor cows: Rumen fistula surgery for the private practitioner is becoming more common as the need for transfaunation becomes more evident. Transfaunation is the process of transferring rumen microbes from one cow to another. Generally, transfaunation is used to re-inoculate the rumen of a sick cow with a healthy microbial population. With todays production practices utilizing low forage and high concentrate feeding, off-feed cows suffering from rumen acidosis has become a common herd occurrence. One on-farm tool that allows producers the option of transfaunation is a fistulated cow(s). Fistulated cows may also be used to refaunate cows that have been off-feed due to mastitis or other illness. The success of a donor cow program lies in proper transfaunation technique and the appropriate selection of donors. Quantity of Fluid Collection: Generally an average rumen contains about 70 liters of fluid. Collection should be somewhere between 0.5 and 3.0% of this fluid level. Low collection levels will preclude any secondary problems to the donor cow. Therefore, the transfaunation fluid volume would be between 350 ml and 2.0 liters. It is important that the collected fluid be stored out of light, anaerobically and at the cows body temperature. A prewarmed,  gallon thermos works well and can be vented if more than 15 minutes will elapse between collection and transfaunation Time between collection and transfaunation: Timing is very critical to the success of transfaunation. Generally the fluid should be in the recipient cow within thirty minutes post collection. Two hours appears to be the limit to success if the collection is maintained in a strict anaerobic environment. At about the two-hour time limit, the starch-digesting organisms have increased dramatically and the fiber-digesting microbes have decreased substantially. Time of Day to Collect: The number of hours post feeding of the donor cow usually determines collection time. Collection timing will be very important in emphasizing the type and number of organisms present in the collection fluid. The inappetent recipient cow is probably in rumen acidosis and therefore should be transfaunated from a donor cow two hours post prandial. Monitoring Fluid quality: The monitoring of fluid pH is as important a selection criterion as assessing microbe numbers. The ideal range is 5.8 to 6.2 for maximal microflora count. If the pH is below this range, the microbial activity will also be diminished. With a more highly acidic environment starch-fermenting organisms will dominate over cellulytic microbes. Protozoa and fungi will also vary at lower pH's. Transfaunation procedure: When transfaunating, try not to disturb the donor cows rumen mat or rumen mucosa. Generally it is best to insert a short stomach tube and pump out the necessary fluid. Recipient cows generally require 1000 ml of fluid twice daily for 2-4 days. Most transfaunation failures occur with inadequate donor fluid levels, not maintaining an anaerobic environment, concomitant use of antibiotics and inadequate length of transfaunation fluid treatment. Fistula Surgery Technique: Surgical candidate selection should emphasize full growth and maturity (2.5-3.0 years of age), excellent feet and legs, non-obese and free of health problems (leucosis, BVD and Johnes negative). Immature cows are not ideal candidates. When final growth does occur, the cannula site expands in size causing leaking and drainage around the fistula site. It is best to hold the patient off feed for 12 hours. This greatly reduces the chance for post surgical rumen tympany. Some practitioners prefer that cows are also kept from water for 12 hours. However, at FARME Institute we allow free access to water prior to surgery and have not had a problem with 30+ surgeries. Standing surgical restraint in a chute or headlock is far superior to the lateral surgical approach. The lateral surgical approach increases risk for regurgitation, tympany and surgical site leakage into the abdomen. It is imperative that while the patient is in the chute a minimal mechanical pressure be applied. Mechanical and surgical rumen displacement can lead to an acute post surgical LDA formation. Surgical site selection should be made in the left paralumbar fossa. Anesthesia should be performed using lidocaine with a proximal lumbar paravertebral nerve block. Anesthesia can alternatively be applied using the inverted L or distal lumbar paravertebral block. Sterile surgical procedure and preparation is indicated. It should be remembered that rumen content leakage could stimulate peritonitis in the post surgical patient. Mark the proposed surgical site with a waterproof Sharpie  pen tracing the cannula circumference onto the skin. The dorsal border of the surgical site should be 3 inches (7.5 cm) or one hands breadth ventral to the transverse processes of L-2, 3. The cranial border should be 4 inches (10 cm) or slightly beyond one hands breadth caudal to the 13th rib. The final position of the rumen fistula should be approximately midway between the tuber coxae and the last rib. The initial incision should be through the skin only. When making the incision, it should actually be one half inch (1.25 cm) narrower than the actual circumference of the cannula. This will allow for adequate surgical seal formation. The three underlying muscle layers should be spread rather than incised. The key to success and holding ability of the surgery is spreading rather than incising these muscle layers. This will facilitate an elastic contraction around the fistula. The peritoneum is easily visualized and incised with scissors. Do not incise the rumen at this time. Using two to three Backhaus towel clamps, spaced about 5 cm apart, grasp the dorsal rumen in a position where it would normally contact the peritoneal surface. Here it is paramount that the normal position of the rumen within the abdomen be maintained. Through traction, the rumen surgical site is exteriorized by 2-3 inches (5-7.5 cm). Using rather heavy synthetic suture material (my choice is #3 PDS) place four horizontal mattress sutures at quarter hour positions (12, 3,6 and 9 oclock) as stay sutures. It is important when suturing that the muscles are not incorporated in to the wound. Skin, peritoneum and rumen wall are all that are included. The suture tension should be just adequate to hold the field in apposition. Closure of the wound site should then be either with a continuous suture pattern or additional horizontal suture placement. All tissue should be apposed. The suture field should produce a succinct seal between the peritoneum and the skin and should be slightly tight for the cannula placement. Incise the rumen wall one half centimeter from the wound margin/apposing skin. Special care should be maintained to minimize any damage that may occur to the rumen wall. At FARME Institute, we do another suture line that seals the cut edge of the rumen to the skin surrounding the fistula opening. We find that this improves the final seal and provides an added line of defense against peritonitis. The cannula (Bar Diamond , Parma, ID 83660. (208) 722-6761 or Ankom, Fairport, NY 14450. (716) 425-3940) should be sanitized and warmed in a bucket of fairy hot water to increase the pliability for insertion. Lubricating jelly can facilitate the procedure. Insert the cannula folded into the rumen fistula opening carefully not tearing the outer wound surface. This can be a fairly difficult procedure but lubrication and warming the cannula is usually adequate for insertion. It can be helpful to start out with a 3 cannula rather than the 4 model that will eventually be used. After 3 to 4 weeks of healing, the 3 cannula will be noticeably loose in the fistula. It can then be replaced with a 4 cannula. Another problem that may be encountered is a cannula plug that is not deformable. Immediately after surgery, the fistula is often oval, rather than round. This problem will correct with time; however, a solid, round cannula plug like Ankoms may not work for a couple of weeks! It can be helpful to use a hollow (Bar Diamond-type) plug immediately after surgery and then switch over if desired (many users prefer the solid plug with finger holes marketed by Ankom for its ease of removal). Generally, post surgical antibiotics are at the discretion of the surgeon. Generally I prescribe a course of penicillin or amoxicillin for 5 days. This reduces the chance for a post surgical infection.. Post surgical swelling is a fairly common sequela. Minimize trauma to the cannula or wound site for 7-10 days post surgery. Isolated confinement may be indicated. During fly season, daily washing of the incision area with soapy water will prevent problems. Transfaunation is an important tool in the medical management of acidotic or otherwise inappetent dairy cows. Donor animals help readily provide the necessary amounts, quality and quantity of fluid. <N> Behind every successful cow are millions of gut microorganisms  mostly bacteria, protozoa, and some fungi. This bastion of bugs that resides in a cows 20-gallon rumen are ultimately responsible for digesting all the plant material the bovine consumes. Being the quintessential symbiotic relationship  the cow supplies the bugs with nutrients and the bugs convert cellulose into usable energy for the cow  it also works the other way: when the cow gets sick, the bugs get sick, too. Then they die. And no gut bugs eventually means no cow. Transfaunation  the act of taking microbes from one source and putting them in another  can be a literal lifesaver when it comes to a bovine bellyache. And how does one go about retrieving such a sample? By creating a one-stop shop for your sick cows gut flora needs. Designated donor cows with a surgically installed port allow access to the rumen from the outside. Placing a rumen fistula  the medical term for a permanent hole between an internal organ and the outside world  into a healthy cow for collection purposes is a relatively straightforward procedure and performed frequently at veterinary schools, according to Dr. Brian Aldridge, clinical professor and specialist in large animal internal medicine at the College of Veterinary Medicine at Illinois. To put one in would take about an hour and a half, he says.  Rumen flora from a fistulated cow helps not only sick cows, but also sheep and goats because they share similar digestive systems. Performed with the cow standing, local anesthesia is used and the rumen is surgically attached to the skin and body wall. Then, a cannula, essentially a tube, made of extremely durable, thick plastic is inserted to keep the surgically created hole between the rumen and the skin open yet sealed. A removable cap is included for easy access. After healing is complete in about four to six weeks, your brand new fistulated cow is ready to save lives. Its amazing how important those rumen bugs are, Aldridge says. Not only are they important for digestive function, but also for how the animal feels. These microorganisms in the gut produce vitamins and minerals necessary for the health of the cow. They are essentially a natural probiotic, Aldridge says. Rumen flora from a fistulated cow helps not only sick cows, but also sheep and goats because they share similar digestive systems. Our vet school always has a fistulated cow, Aldridge says. The bovine GI surgery patients routinely get a transfaunation because its been shown that the recovery rate and return to appetite and milk production is much greater if you reestablish the gut flora. Sick farm animals and surgical patients aside, fistulated cows are also a staple in bovine nutrition research, since having a fistula makes it easy to sample rumen contents in order to study how different nutrients affect a cows digestive system. The cost of surgically installing a rumen fistula is about $300 and doesnt affect the longevity or health of the cow, says Dr. Susan Fubini, professor of large animal surgery at Cornell Universitys College of Veterinary Medicine. The plastic cannulas themselves last forever, she says. As for the fistulated cows, They are without a doubt the happiest animals in our hospital. Aldridge agrees. People have looked into the longevity of animals with a fistula and they do really well, he says. The fistulated cow currently at University of Illinois is named Brooke. Brookes been here for four or five years and shes fine. If anything, shes overweight and over-cared for. Its no wonder a fistulated cow at a veterinary school is treated like bovine royalty. Rumen microbes, or the liquor of life as Aldridge calls it, are a hot commodity where there are sick ruminants around. Aldridge estimates Brooke helps at least one patient on a weekly basis. The logistics of a rumen fistula are straightforward enough that these cows are common demos at vet school open houses. Just unplug the top, don a shoulder-length plastic sleeve, and in your arm goes into the rumen of a live cow.  Just unplug the top, don a shoulder-length plastic sleeve, and in your arm goes into the rumen of a live cow. If youre in there for therapeutic reasons instead of as a tourist, you can remove a couple of gallons of rumen contents without any negative impact to the donor cow. What you take is then kept warm  remember your sample contains live microbes that are accustomed to a cows internal body temperature  then run through a strainer and usually diluted with water before administration through an orogastric tube to a ruminant in need. At the University of Illinois busy hospital, Aldridge says Brooke has never run out of rumen fluid. Its remarkable how quickly her supply turns around, he says. Sometimes well take samples two or three days in a row, but she always has some. She hardly changes shape after we take that much out, he jokes. With biosecurity an eternal concern on farms, fistulated cows must be in good health and come from a historically healthy herd. Common GI diseases such as Salmonella can be transmitted between donor and sick cow through rumen contents, as well as other diseases such as Johnes disease, a chronic bacterial disease of the gut. Disease transmission is always a risk, Aldridge says. However, weve never seen that as a complication. We try to keep the donor animal in relatively high health, and perform regular blood tests. Cornells current fistulated cow is named Blossom. Before Blossom, we had Stella and Elsa, Fubini says. It seems that much like a clean bill of health, an exceptionally cow-like name is a requirement before donning a portal to the rumen world. As for the humans who care about these cows, they can wear their pride: a major company that sells rumen cannulas makes t-shirts emblazoned with fistulated cows and sheep. (Typically $15, they come free with a $500 cannula purchase.) But, maybe, dont wear it to the human dinner table. <N> Introduction The free-roaming animal provides a unique challenge to the researcher attempting to assess plant-animal interactions. Diet diversity, large grazing areas, nutrient costs associated with grazing, and environmental stresses all interact to influence nutrient intake and utilization as well as requirements. Nutritionists working with grazing animals have had to develop unique techniques to assess diet quality and intake under extensive conditions. Researchers at Fort Keogh have taken advantage of the laboratory's unique resources to study the nutrition of cattle under extensive management conditions. This has involved development of new techniques and validation of routine techniques for use under conditions in the Northern Great Plains. Despite the difficulties in this type of research, scientists at Fort Keogh have gained recognition for their evaluation of the nutritional status of grazing cattle. Much of the work has focused on protein and energy supplementation of grazing cattle as well as environmental factors affecting grazing behavior and intake and nutritional factors affecting reproduction of beef cows. The range cattle nutrition program at Fort Keogh formally began in 1971. However, research into the nutrition of beef cattle and other species of livestock and poultry has taken place at Fort Keogh since its inception as a research station in 1924. Research into nutritional factors involved in optimal production of livestock under Northern Great Plains range conditions, the role of nutrition in regulation of physiological mechanisms, and nutritional factors affecting expression of genetic traits have been important components of Fort Keogh's research program since the 1920's. Early Studies (1924 - 1970) Initial nutrition studies included sheep, swine, horses, and turkeys in addition to beef cattle. Many studies were initiated in the 1920's to evaluate local feedstuffs for livestock and poultry production. This included evaluation of alfalfa hay, corn silage, wheatgrass hay, barley, and wheat mill screenings. Sheep studies included testing the value of feeding grain to ewes on winter range. Corn and cottonseed cake were compared for supplemental winter feeding, and evaluations were made on bone meal for ewe lambs and corn silage and wheat mill screenings as feed sources for fattening lambs. Corn and barley for swine were first compared in feeding trials on the station in 1925. These studies were conducted with pigs pastured on dry land alfalfa. The effect of these two grain sources on subsequent gains in the feedlot was also evaluated. Studies on the relative value of corn and barley diets for swine continued into the 1980's until the swine research program was moved from Fort Keogh to Bozeman. Other feedstuffs for hogs were tested, including tankage, wheat, safflower meal, and linseed meal. Little horse nutrition work was conducted at Fort Keogh. However, range forage for growth and maintenance of working horses was examined during the 1920's. In 1926, feed and work records of 46 horses and mules were kept for evaluating the feed cost per horse per day of labor. At that time it required 484 per horse work day. Horses averaged 137 days of work per year. Turkey studies conducted from 1929 to 1939 included developing rations for maximum growth with low mortality. Fort Keogh was one of the first research stations to publish information on improving the hatchability of turkey eggs. Some of this information was nutritional in nature and was readily adapted by turkey growers and feed companies. Early nutrition work involving beef cattle included evaluating combinations of alfalfa hay, corn silage, and cottonseed cake for wintering calves; comparing alfalfa and western wheatgrass hays for replacement heifers; and testing the value of supplying protein (cottonseed cake) to beef cows wintering on range. Beef Cattle Research Environmental effects on nutritional demands. The struggle with environment and its effect on nutritional demands has always been a topic of interest in the Northern Great Plains. Studies on winter supplementation have shown variable response that is related to the severity of weather conditions. Studies were conducted during the 1970 and 80's on the effect of environment on intake and grazing behavior of cattle. Grazing time, forage intake, and digestibility have been found to be reduced as average daily temperature decreases. This, coupled with an increased energy demand for maintenance, can have profound effects on weight gain and body composition of wintering cows and their response to supplementation.Protein and energy supplementation. The value of protein for wintering beef cows has been a recurring theme in the nutrition research at Fort Keogh, beginning in 1929 and continuing through today. In the winters of 1929 through 1934, protein supplementation for Hereford cows wintered on range was evaluated. Response to protein supplementation depended upon the previous summer's rainfall and the amount of snow cover. In years of good forage with little snow cover, protein supplementation was of no economic benefit although supplemented cows came through the winter in better body condition. In years of poor forage because of summer drought or when heavy snow cover was present, most cows fed cottonseed cake survived the winter on the range while nonsupplemented cows had to be moved to the drylot and fed hay. A similar situation was observed in the mid-1970's when response to winter protein supplement was dependent upon forage quality and availability. Forage intake and digestibility were not affected by either protein or grain supplementation during the first, relatively mild winter. However, during the second winter with heavy snow and extended periods of cold weather, forage intake was increased by feeding soybean meal at a rate of 1.5 lbs/d every 2 to 3 days. Total dry matter digestibility was also increased by feeding protein. Cows fed cracked barley during this period had similar forage intake and total dry matter digestibility to those not fed any supplement but forage digestibility was depressed by grain feeding. Body weight and condition score changes were not affected by either supplement. A 26% protein soybean meal-barley pellet (1.75 lbs/d) was fed to ruminally cannulated steers with or without a monensin ruminal delivery device to evaluate the effects on intake and digestive function during the winter. Protein supplementation increased ruminal ammonia concentrations and organic matter digestibility while decreasing gastrointestinal tract fill and particulate passage rate. Cattle having a monensin delivery device and receiving additional protein had an even greater particulate passage rate. Forage intake was not affected by either protein or monensin. The increase in forage digestibility is a means to provide added nutrients to cattle grazing winter range. Studies on the timing, type, and amount of protein have been conducted to more firmly define the conditions under which protein supplementation is most profitable. Alfalfa cubes or cottonseed meal-barley pellets were fed on an equal protein basis and evaluated as a fall/winter protein supplement for pregnant cows. Supplemented cows gained weight and gained or maintained body condition while unsupplemented cows lost weight and condition. Performance among cows fed the 2 supplements was similar. Supply of specific amino acids may be a means of meeting protein requirements of cattle. The feeding of methionine hydroxy analog (MHA) to beef cows was tested in the early 1970's. Cows fed this amino acid analog at a rate of 15 g/head/d from 30 d before until 60 d after calving produced 1.8 lbs/d more milk with .8% more butterfat than cows not receiving MHA. This translated into increased average daily gain and weaning weight of calves from dams receiving the MHA at 15 g/head/d. Cows receiving 5 g/head/d were intermediate in milk production and butterfat content. Other studies have shown that while protein supplementation during the winter may improve intake and digestibility of range forage, grain (energy) supplements may lower intake of forage. One study showed that the negative effects that energy supplementation may have on changes in weight and body condition can be lessened by feeding grain on a daily rather than on an alternate day basis. Level of forage intake was found to affect many ruminal characteristics such as Ph and ammonia concentrations. Liquid dilution rates increased linearly and liquid volume decreased as forage intake increased from 1.4 to 2.4% of body weight. Diet quality and ruminal characteristics of yearling steers were followed throughout 1 growing season. As the season advanced, ruminal ammonia concentrations and fluid dilution rates decreased whereas fluid volume and liquid turnover increased. Volatile fatty acid patterns were more favorable for steer weight gain early in the season. These patterns suggest that protein supplements or buffers may be useful late in the growing season to improve forage digestibility. A study in which monensin and/or rolled barley were evaluated for their effect on digestive kinetics of steers grazing summer range showed that ruminal propionate concentrations could be increased by either of these means. This could be favorable to weight gain in growing cattle grazing summer range. A study with steers grazing fall pasture showed that the time of day at which an energy supplement was fed had important effects on nutrient intake. Steers fed in the morning (7:30 a.m.) ate less feed and had a lower digestible energy intake than steers fed in the afternoon (1:30 p.m.). This difference was related to the interruption of normal grazing behavior. A study was conducted to evaluate diets for early weaned calves. Calves were weaned at about 84 days of age and fed free-choice alfalfa hay with either whole barley, rolled barley, or whole oats fed free-choice. The results showed that calves fed barley gained weight at a faster rate (2.1 lbs/d) than those fed oats (1.8 lbs/d). Rolling the barley did not show any real advantage over feeding whole barley (2.2 vs 2.0 lbs/d, respectively) for calves of this age. This study did show that calves that must be weaned from their dams can be raised on commonly available feedstuffs with a minimum input of resources. Mineral nutrition. Interest in the mineral nutrition of cattle first came to light at Fort Keogh during the dry summer of 1934 when cattle were observed to consume over twice as much salt as in the more normal rainfall year of 1933. Subsequent studies showed that annual salt consumption was positively correlated with total May and June precipitation. It was hypothesized that this could be due to leaching of minerals from forages during heavy rainfall. Salt consumption was found to be greatest in August, September, and October. Results showed also that salt consumption was not influenced by stocking rate. During the late 1940's and early 1950's, grazing studies were being conducted at the Hogback/Lone Pine units, and additional information was gathered on the mineral and vitamin status of the cattle grazing those pastures. Calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus concentrations of the range forage where measured throughout the year and blood samples collected to evaluate mineral status of the cattle grazing the area. In the summary of that study, published in 1959, it was stated: "that, in general, it may be expected that breeding cattle can be run on the range in the Northern Great Plains without protein, vitamin, or mineral supplements with satisfactory productive performance and without developing nutritional deficiencies; provided that the range is not overstocked, and realizing that there may be areas within the plains region in which nutritional deficiencies may occur." Several changes have occurred since the 1950's that have caused us to reevaluate our previous statements regarding protein and mineral supplementation. First, livestock of the 1950's differ genetically from what we raise today. Cattle have been selected for improved performance and there has been an influx of a variety of breeds into commercial cattle operations in the Northern Great Plains. This may have resulted in larger cattle with different nutritional demands. Many pioneering statements regarding nutritional needs may not suit today's cow. Secondly, our understanding of mineral needs has gone far beyond the macroelements. In recent years, a greater emphasis has been placed on the trace element requirements of livestock. We are currently attempting to evaluate these needs in light of current production practices. Nutrition research techniques for the free-ranging animal. Research into nutritional techniques at Fort Keogh has focused on developing and evaluating research techniques for the grazing animal. During the 1980's, several unique techniques were evaluated. An automated data acquisition system was developed to collect frequent animal weights and water intake measurements without altering behavior of grazing livestock. This has facilitated our studies examining the dynamics of body weight changes in grazing cattle. Surgical techniques for esophageal cannulation of suckling calves and for attachment of esophageal bags to older animals were developed and are routinely in use today. Using these techniques, we have shown that suckling calves select a diet higher in protein and lower in fiber than mature steers through much of the summer. Such findings emphasize the importance of using cannulated cattle similar in age to other experimental animals used in nutrition studies. Techniques to measure intake, digestibility, and rates of passage were also evaluated throughout this period. Adoption of the most promising techniques has improved the intensity and accuracy of the data we collect today on the role of nutrition in efficiency of production. We have been using a sustained release chromic oxide bolus for much of the recent intake work. The use of this bolus was validated in steers and calves. It was found, however, that some animals must be fitted with fecal bags to obtain a correction factor for the bolus release rate. The role of nutrition in reproduction. A great deal of research has been conducted at Fort Keogh on the effect of nutrition on physiological processes. The effects of energy and protein at various stages of the life cycle have been tested for their effect on pregnancy rates, calving difficulty, and onset of puberty. Studies have ranged from measurement of fall pregnancy rates related to feeding levels before and/or after calving to very detailed studies on the influence of nutrients on the very complex hormonal mechanisms affecting reproduction. Two studies were conducted to evaluate reproduction in cows grazing seeded pastures compared to native rangeland during the prebreeding and breeding period. In the first study, pastures seeded to either crested wheatgrass-alfalfa or russian wildrye-alfalfa were compared to native range for early spring grazing. Calf crop weaned averaged 8-10 percentage points lower for cows on native range. In the second study, pastures that were evaluated included native range, pastures that had been seeded to crested wheatgrass or russian wildrye, and a pasture that had been contour furrowed and seeded with alfalfa. Grazing began on these pastures from mid-April to the first of May. Reproductive performance, as measured by calving date, time to first estrus, and fall pregnancy rate, was not affected by the use of seeded pastures. Eighty-five percent of the cows were observed in estrus before the breeding season, and fall pregnancy rates were 92.4%. It was concluded from the second study that properly managed native range was adequate for good reproductive performance. Nutritional studies in support of research on pine needle abortion have included determining the effects of pine needle consumption on digestibility of grass hay. Digestibility of organic matter, protein, and fiber all decreased with increasing amounts of pine needles in the diet. This suggests that pine needle consumption may be detrimental to the overall nutritional status of cattle as well as having abortifacient effects. Nutrition and genetics. To set standards for bull testing in the 1930 and 1940's, studies were conducted on appropriate rations and the length of the feeding period needed to evaluate sires. A discussion was presented in a 1941 Experiment Station Bulletin on the possibility of the effect of both utilization of nutrients (feed efficiency) and/or food intake capacity on differences in growth rate among progeny. An interaction between genetics and nutrition was reported in a 1943 Experiment Station Bulletin when the susceptibility of cattle to bloat was shown to be partially genetic. The FutureAs we look toward rangeland agriculture in the 21st century, scientists at Fort Keogh continue to contribute to nutritional research through integrated projects at the laboratory and through involvement in cooperative studies with Montana State University and other research institutes. We continue to pursue many of the same problems that were plaguing livestock producers in the 1920's: the value of protein supplementation for wintering cows, the mineral needs of grazing livestock, and the value of local feedstuffs for use in rangeland-based cattle operations. We have made improvements in the efficiency of production over the last 68 years, but we have not found solutions to all our problems. As we continue to make genetic and reproductive progress, the nutritional status of our cattle needs evaluation to ensure that we are providing the nutrients required to meet their optimal potential in their environment. Range Cattle Nutritionists at Fort Keogh Individual Years at Fort Keogh Position L.W. Varner 1971 - 1974 Research Animal Scientist R.J. Kartchner 1974 - 1983 Research Animal Scientist D.C. Adams 1981 - 1990 Research Animal Scientist E.E. Grings 1991 - present Research Animal Scientist Current Nutrition Research Support Staff B. Hould 1991 - present Research Associate R. Bonine 1988 - present Farm/Ranch Hand J. Gresens 1976 - present Biological Lab Technician B.L. Balsam 1990 - present Biological Lab Technician M.S. Reil 1992 - present Biological Lab Technician This Historical Perspective was published as part of the 1993 Field Day Report and has not been updated. <N> NEW YORK -- It was one of the largest rallies in a campaign full of them, as what Sen. Bernie Sanders's campaign claimed to be more than 27,000 people crowded into Washington Square Park to hear the candidate speak. The presidential candidate, joined by his wife Jane, seemed taken by emotion when he saw the size of the gathering. "Jane and I left New York City when we were kids  it is great to be back," said Sanders. The venue, with the candidate framed under the iconic 124-year-old marble arch, resonated with the history of American protest. It had been packed before for gay rights rallies, anti-war marches, and protests after the death of a black Staten Island man named Eric Garner at the hands of the NYPD. [360 video: Thousands rally for Sanders ahead of Iowa caucuses] "I came to this park to protest the Vietnam War," said actor and director Tim Robbins, one of many celebrity guests who warmed up the crowd for Sanders. Rival Hillary Clinton was far uptown and in a far different neighborhood Wednesday. She held a rally in Co-Op City, the huge 1970s cooperative housing development in the Bronx that is home to immigrants from nearly every continent. There were no famous faces apart from her own, and a public school chorus singing the national anthem was the only live entertainment. This is a borough of immigrants in a city of immigrants in a state of immigrants in a nation of immigrants, Clinton said. An overflow crowd in a community gymnasium cheered loudly as she tweaked Republicans Donald J. Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz. She did not directly mention Sanders, although she appeared to be referring to him when she said, to cheers, that its better to have a president in the White House who actually knows where Co-Op City is. Eight years earlier, in a more truncated New York primary, Clinton had easily dispatched another challenger who rallied more than 20,000 people in Washington Square Park. "This is a tough race for us," Sanders said. "We are running against someone who was a senator from this state for eight years. We have a system here in New York where independents can't get involved in the Democratic primary." A number of voters, some of whom having waited for hours in increasingly colder weather, said that they had failed to switch their registration. But all of them cheered a Sanders speech that laid out his agenda and a sustained progressive critique of Clinton. They booed the names of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, and booed again when reminded that Clinton had thanked Henry Kissinger for a compliment. "In my view Henry Kissinger was one of the most destructive secretaries of state in the history of our country," said Sanders. 'I certainly would not welcome his praise." As he's done across New York this week, Sanders also criticized Clinton for being slow to see the danger of hydraulic fracturing and not favoring an outright ban on the practice, a popular cause with progressives here. "I believe that it is insane to be poisoning the water in our countries throughout the world through fracking," said Sanders. "Secretary Clinton  interestingly enough  as secretary of state she aggressively pushed for fracking around the world." Paul Song, the executive chairman of the progressive Courage Campaign, told the crowd that his family was split between support for Clinton and Sanders. He then called on "corporate Democratic whores" to be defeated and replaced by "Berniecrats." Later, on Twitter, Song apologized for the impression that he was insulting Clinton. As the temperature fell closer to freezing, the crowd stayed with Sanders. It was quiet when he set up his criminal justice policy by saying most officers were good people. It roared when he got to the good stuff. "If a police officer breaks the law, that officer has to be held accountable," said Sanders. "And the truth is, we've got to demilitarize our police. The truth is, we've got to rethink the so-called war on drugs." "When we stand together  black and white and Latino and Asian American  when we do not allow the Donald Trumps of the world to divide us up, there is nothing we cant accomplish," the Vermont senator said. <N> Image copyright Getty Images Thousands gathered in Manhattan to hear Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speak, five days before New Yorkers cast their votes. "When I look at an unbelievable crowd like this I believe we're going to win here in New York," the Vermont senator said in Washington Square. Organisers say a crowd of 27,000 heard his key themes of income inequality and Wall Street greed at Wednesday's event. His rival Hillary Clinton attacked the Republicans at an event in the Bronx. She remains ahead of Mr Sanders in the state-by-state race but New York has many delegates up for grabs. Delegates are awarded by each state according to the vote given to each candidate. They are party members with the power to vote for that candidate at the party conventions held in July. Is Wall Street a problem for Hillary Clinton? Are Trump and Sanders right about trade? Both Mrs Clinton, the former secretary of state and first lady, and Mr Sanders have strong New York ties that they will be sure to underline on Thursday night when they meet in a televised debate. It comes as Mr Sanders was forced to distance himself on Thursday morning from offensive comments made by a speaker at his rally that appeared to be directed at Mrs Clinton. Health care activist Dr Paul Song apologised after referring to "corporate Democratic whores" - language Mr Sanders said was inappropriate and insensitive. Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Sanders team said there were nearly 30,000 people Image copyright Reuters Image caption Clinton attacked Mr Trump as divisive Mr Sanders said the rally in Washington Square, with its famous arch, was the most important event yet of his campaign, which for months has drawn huge crowds across the country. "It is about creating a political revolution," he said to those gathered. "It is about creating a government which works for all of us, not just wealthy campaign contributors." He spoke about growing up in Brooklyn as the son of immigrants and he referred to New York landmarks like the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village, the birthplace of the movement for gay rights. Minority voters will play a key part in New York. Earlier on Wednesday, Mrs Clinton said the country's long struggle with racism had a long way to go, as she appeared on stage with civil rights activist Reverend Al Sharpton. She attracted an enthusiastic crowd of 1,300 people to a Bronx community centre, where she did not mention Mr Sanders but turned her fire on Republicans Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, whom she accused of dividing America. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Will Sanders fans support Clinton should she win the nomination? "He wants to build walls - I want to build bridges," she said about Mr Trump. The New York businessman leads the three-man Republican field but may not get enough delegates to win the nomination outright. He has accused the Republican party of stacking the rules against him - a charge party leaders have dismissed as ridiculous. <N> fullscreen continue view fullscreen close Less than a week before what he called the "enormously important" New York Democratic Primary next Tuesday, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders drew an estimated 27,000 supporters to a jubilant rally last night in Washington Square Park. That head count comes from Sanders's camp, but seems plausiblein 2007 then-candidate Barack Obama claimed 20,000 registered attendees at a Washington Square Park rallyand last night the park was packed. Sanders remains the underdog in the NY race, trailing Hillary Clinton by ten points in the most optimistic of recent polls, but the candidate and his fans were anything but discouraged. "I think we've got a surprise for the establishment [on Tuesday]," Sanders said to rolling cheers at the end of his nearly hour-long speech, and then, after getting a smooch from his wife Jane, he waded into the front rows of the crowd like a rock star. Bernie Sanders in Washington Square Park (Scott Lynch / Gothamist) The entire night's program lasted nearly three hours (though most in attendance had been waiting on line outside the park for far longer than that), with a four-song set by Vampire Weekend kicking things off, followed by hype speeches from Rosario Dawson, Spike Lee, Tim Robbins, CWA and TWU union leaders, Linda Sarsour, and Nina Turner. Here's video of the event; at around 55 minutes, Lee introduces Sanders: Sanders hit all the expected points in a feisty speech, occasionally slamming his rival Clinton on her voting record, but mostly attacking familiar targets: Wall Street greed and Republicans, Citizens United and Super PACs, wage inequality and offshore tax havens, drug laws and mass incarceration, and the "awful trade agreements" that have led to the loss of millions of jobs in America. Sanders also vowed to remove marijuana from the Section 1 federal drug list when he became president. He promised to end wage inequality between men and women. He pledged to "substantially lower student debt" and to offer free public college educations to anyone willing to do the work. These latter initiatives, Sanders said, would be paid for by a "speculation tax on Wall Street." The Brooklyn native also reminded the crowd, "If we have a large voter turnout on Tuesday, were going to win this thing." Tonight, Sanders will face off against Clinton in a debate at the Brooklyn Navy Yard at 9 p.m. CNN is broadcasting the showdown live, and you can also can stream it online at CNN.com. <N> C'tait une mobilisation sans prcdent, dont le nombre de participants a t si important que le ministre de l'Intrieur a dclar "impossible" tout comptage officiel. Ce dimanche, plus de 3,7 millions de personnes ont dfil dans plus d'une cinquantaine de villes de France, aprs les attentats qui ont fait 17 morts entre mercredi et vendredi dernier. A Paris, il n'y a eu aucun incident. Mobilisation historique  Paris, autour de la place de la Rpublique Plus de 3,7 millions de manifestants dans toute la France, une cinquantaine de chefs d'Etat et de gouvernement runis  Paris pour manifester, et plusieurs dizaines de milliers de soutiens dans toute l'Europe , d'Oslo  Madrid : par ses chiffres pharaoniques, la Marche Rpublicaine organise ce dimanche, aprs les attentats qui ont fait 17 morts  Charlie Hebdo et dans le supermarch Hyper Casher, restera certainement dans l'Histoire. Le dcompte des marches Rpublicaines en France et en Europe  Maxppp Le nombre exact de manifestants ne sera jamais connu, car le ministre de l'Intrieur a dclar "impossible" tout comptage officiel en raison de la trop forte mobilisation. Mais les seules estimations font tat d'un chiffre jamais atteint. A Paris, le primtre prvu pour la marche, de Rpublique  Nation, a t largement dpass : le rassemblement a atteint non seulement la place de la Bastille, mais au-del, les Grands Boulevards et jusqu' la place du Chtelet. Mais selon la Prfecture de police de Paris,  21 heures, au moment o la manifestation s'est disperse, "aucun incident" n'avait t rapport . <N> Claim: An illustration created in response to the Charlie Hedbo attack, titled Break one, thousand will rise, was drawn by graffiti artist Banksy. FALSE Example: [Collected via Twitter, January 2015] Banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to Charlie Hebdo cartoonists _LINKS_ pic.twitter.com/D5PEFmEgtC  HuffPostArts&Culture (@HuffPostArts) January 8, 2015 Origins: In the days following the 7 January 2015 terror attack at the headquarters of French satirical magazine Charlie Hedbo in Paris, artists from around the world shared powerful tributes in solidarity with the victims on social media. One of these illustrations, captioned Break One, Thousands Will Rise, was shared on the @Banksy Instagram page: A photo posted by Banksy (@banksy) on Jan 7, 2015 at 3:02pm PST The image was shared hundreds of thousands of times on Instagram; and since most viewers first saw the above-displayed artwork on the @Banksy account, many assumed the illustration was created by the infamous graffiti artist. The @Banksy Instagram account, however, does not belong to Banksy: it is merely one of many imposter accounts falsely attributed to the mysterious London artist. The Break One, Thousands Will Rise illustration was actually created by illustrator Lucille Clerc: 7 January Clerc, an illustrator based in London, shared her artwork on Facebook , Twitter, and Instagram on2015. She also confirmed she created the powerful piece: This is irrelevant, I dont want it to turn into polemic and distract people from the real issues. There are way more important things to talk about at the moment, and in the end what matters is that this image speaks to people, so the more it spreads the better it is. My drawing was a spontaneous reaction, I didnt expect it would have such an echo. Ideas dont break, ideas dont die. Charlie became immortal yesterday and I hope that this terrible day will make us cherish and protect our freedom with even more wit and humour. I can only hope it will inspire people to use their pencils too and that there will be thousands of drawings like this very soon. <N> De acordo com a polcia e com testemunhas, um policial civil desceu do carro para fazer um pagamento na agncia da Caixa Econmica no Setor de Indstria e Abastecimento (SIA), em Braslia, quando foi surpreendido por dois homens na entrada, que anunciaram o assalto. Veja o site do Bom Dia DF Os bandidos pegaram a mochila com R$ 2 mil e correram em direo a uma moto onde estava o terceiro envolvido. O policial foi atrs e disparou. Dois assaltantes morreram na hora e o terceiro, atingido nos braos, est hospitalizado. As armas e a mochila vo ser periciadas. O policial envolvido foi ouvido e liberado. Segundo a delegada responsvel pelo caso, os trs acusados tinham passagem pela polcia. Inclusive, a moto que eles estavam usando era roubada. Vamos fazer diligncia, no sentido de deixar tudo esclarecido. Tudo que estiver relacionado ao fato, garante a delegada Dbora Menezes. Quando sair do hospital, o assaltante poder ser processado por tentativa de homicdio e roubo. O policial no deve ser processado, j que agiu em legtima defesa. Leia mais notcias de Brasil <N> Saudi-American blogger Rasheed Abou-Alsamh lives in the Brasilia district of Lago Sul. He took these photos of security fences in the area. Twenty years ago no-one had them. Now practically every house in my Lago Sul neighbourhood has electrified wires at the top of fences carrying up to 8,000 volts each to deter thieves from breaking into them. Brasilia has been suffering from a wave of criminality over the past few years. Part of this growth in crime can be blamed on demographics. The 'Distrito Federal', which encompasses the capital and all of its satellite cities and outlaying areas, has seen a boom in inhabitants. There are now more than two million people living in the Federal District, many of them poor people lured here by the country's highest per capita income and hopes of striking it good by working hard or striking it rich through crime. Sequestros relampagos, or lightning kidnappings, are sadly all too common in Brasilia. They occur usually when criminals overpower a person in their car, commandeering their vehicle and forcing the owner to come along for the ride. They usually steal whatever of value that they can find on that person, and often take them to an ATM and force them to hand over their money. A few months ago I met a young woman who had been a victim of a lightning kidnapping that very night. They stole the BRL 200 [75] that she had in her wallet. Days after the crime, police had still not found her car. Much of the crime in Brazil is fuelled by the huge economic disparities between social classes. On the same day I can see the most expensive Mercedes and BMW cars on the streets of the capital, and then see barefoot children begging on the streets. But the proliferation of cheap drugs, especially crack cocaine, is also responsible for the growing criminality. Many Brazilians are also upset with a justice system that they believe coddles criminals. The death penalty has been abolished and the most that a murderer can be imprisoned for is life, which usually means 30 years. Not only that, but prison officials regularly let out hardened criminals during the holidays to allow them to spend time with their families. I understand why inhabitants of the Lago Sul hide behind electrified fences and ferocious guard dogs." Photos taken in Lago Sul by Rasheed. <N> Governador Rodrigo Rollemberg admitiu o aumento da criminalidade no DF: roubo  residncia cresceu 17,5% nos ltimos 24 meses (foto: Jhonatan Vieira/Esp. CB/D.A Press) Os casos de roubo a residncia e assalto a nibus esto entre os crimes que mais cresceram no Distrito Federal. A primeira modalidade de crime aumentou 17,5% entre janeiro e dezembro de 2015. De acordo com dados divulgados pela Secretaria da Segurana Pblica e Paz Social, Ceilndia e Planaltina so as regies com maior ndice de assaltos a casas. Em toda capital 684 brasilienses tiveram os domiclios invadidos. No caso dos nibus, em todo o ano passado, criminosos assaltaram 2,3 mil coletivos, 6,3% a mais do que no ano retrasado. A Polcia Civil registrou pelo menos oito casos de roubo a residncia no DF nos primeiros 12 dias de 2016. Em 6 de janeiro, assaltantes roubaram uma casa na Pennsula dos Ministros, no Lago Sul, endereo vizinho  residncias oficiais dos presidentes da Cmara dos Deputados e do Senado, de vrias autoridades do executivo federal, alm de sedes de embaixadas como Irlanda, Paquisto e Estnia, e mantiveram trs pessoas refns. No mesmo dia, no Lago Norte, uma criana de 12 anos foi esfaqueada aps reagir para defender a me em outra ocorrncia. Na madrugada do ltimo sbado (9/1), pelo menos seis pessoas ficaram cerca de seis horas sob poder de cinco assaltantes durante roubo em uma chcara no Ncleo Rural Lago Oeste, em Sobradinho. Na ocasio, o grupo levou cinco televises, uma cmera GoPro, notebook, R$ 30 mil em dinheiro e o carro do motorista particular do aplicativo Uber. O ltimo crime aconteceu quase uma semana depois de a sociloga Mrcia de Alencar assumir a Secretaria da Segurana. Ela apresentou os mais recentes ndices de violncia na capital. Apenas em dezembro, o roubo a coletivos cresceu 136,4% em relao ao mesmo perodo de 2014. Naquele ano, 107 nibus foram alvo de criminosos. No ltimo ms de 2015, o nmero chegou a 253. Entre os casos investigados pela Polcia Civil, est o episdio da jovem de 24 anos que, no primeiro dia de 2016, fez um relato nas redes sociais contando o possvel abuso sofrido pelo segurana de uma festa no Setor de Clubes Sul. Saldo positivo Apesar dos nmeros alarmantes de crimes contra o patrimnio, o governo considera o panorama "positivo". O Executivo local ressalta que em 2015 a cidade teve o menor ndice de homicdios em 22 anos, com 21,5 assassinatos a cada 100 mil habitantes, um recuo de 11,4%. "Vamos continuar com a tendncia de reduo dos indicadores de violncia. Nosso esforo ser maior em 2016", avaliou o governador do Distrito Federal, Rodrigo Rollemberg (PSB). Segundo Mrcia de Alencar, houve acrscimo de 29% de apreenses de jovens em atos infracionais. "Temos um grande desafio em 2016 em relao aos crimes contra o patrimnio", disse a titular da pasta, ao ressaltar que esse tipo de crise reduziu 15,4% se comparado a 2014. "Queremos manter os ndices positivos conquistados no ano passado, alm de desenvolver estratgias para atuar nas reas mais crticas", finalizou. As taxas, na maioria positivas, contrapem 2014, ano em que os brasilienses sofreram com a Operao Tartaruga da Polcia Militar, que fez com que os crimes disparassem. "Confio na nova equipe de segurana para reduzir esses nmeros em 2016", finalizou o socialista, sem detalhar o plano de gesto da segurana aos jornalistas. Trnsito Os ndices de morte no trnsito tambm tiveram queda expressiva em 2015. Foi o menor nmero registrado desde 1995, com 11,5 mortos para cada 100 mil habitantes. No ano passado, 335 pessoas morreram, contra as 406 de 2014. No comparativo com o ms de dezembro, o nmero voltou a crescer: 29 vtimas em 2015 e 28 em 2014. Ainda em dezembro, os casos de estupro deixaram a cpula da segurana da capital em alerta. Os abusos cresceram 31,7%. Ao todo, 54 pessoas ser tornaram vtimas. Contudo, nos ltimos 24 meses, o nmero baixou de 777 ocorrncias em 2014, para 624 no ano passado, um recuo de 19,7%. <N> U.S. border cities prove havens from Mexico's drug violence The picture painted of America's southwestern border with Mexico is a bloody one, in which the drug violence decimating northern Mexico has spilled onto U.S. soil and turned the region into a war zone. Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer has warned of human skulls rolling through her state's deserts. Rep. John Culberson, R-Texas, says violence on the U.S. side of the border is "out of control." Rep. Candice Miller, R-Mich., has suggested sending a military brigade to protect Americans. "Of course there is spillover violence along the border," Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, said during a recent congressional hearing. "It is not secure and it has never been more violent or dangerous than it is today. Anyone who lives down there will tell you that." That's not actually the case, according to a USA TODAY analysis that draws upon more than a decade of detailed crime data reported by more than 1,600 local law enforcement agencies in four states, federal crime statistics and interviews along the border from California to Texas. The analysis found that rates of violent crime along the U.S.-Mexico border have been falling for years  even before the U.S. security buildup that has included thousands of law enforcement officers and expansion of a massive fence along the border. U.S. border cities were statistically safer on average than other cities in their states. Those border cities, big and small, have maintained lower crime rates than the national average, which itself has been falling. The appearance of an out-of-control border region, though, has had wide-ranging effects  stalling efforts to pass a national immigration reform law, fueling stringent anti-immigration laws in Arizona and elsewhere, and increasing the amount of federal tax dollars going to build more fencing and add security personnel along the southwestern border. The perception of rising violence is so engrained that 83% of Americans said they believe the rate of violence along the southwestern border is higher than national rates, according to a recent USA TODAY/Gallup Poll of 999 adults. The findings "are contrary to conventional speculation that the border is an out-of-control place," said Steven Messner, a criminologist and sociology professor at the University at Albany-SUNY, who reviewed USA TODAY's analysis. Some observers say the numbers don't reflect realities on the ground and give cover to a federal government that is not adequately protecting hundreds of border communities. "Don't tell me that the violence isn't spilling over," said Pinal County (Ariz.) Sheriff Paul Babeu. "When you have American citizens who don't feel safe in their own home or free in their own country, this should be appalling to everyone." Others read the numbers as proof the issue of "spillover violence" from Mexico is being exaggerated and used as an impetus for anti-immigration legislation and stepped-up federal and state funding to law enforcement agencies along the border. "The data really spells out the irresponsibility of many of our elected leaders in their role in this immigration debate," said Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration Forum, which backs a plan to legalize some of the 11 million illegal immigrants living in the U.S. "This is the ugliest version of the politics of fear that our country has seen for quite a while." Mining the data For this story, USA TODAY studied crime trends along the U.S.-Mexico border, using data reported to the FBI from city and county police agencies in the four border states  California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas. It found that violent crime rates were on average lower in cities within 30, 50 and 100 miles of the border  the distances used to fit various definitions of the "border region." Statisticians interviewed by USA TODAY confirmed the results. Because the data reported by the local agencies does not include kidnapping, the newspaper also had the FBI review its kidnapping investigations along the border. Among the major findings: The murder rate for cities within 50 miles of the border was lower in nearly every year from 1998 to 2009, compared with the respective state average. For example, California had its lowest murder rate during that time period in 2009, when 5.3 people were murdered per 100,000 residents. In cities within 50 miles of the border, the highest murder rate over that time period occurred in 2003, when 4.6 people were murdered per 100,000 residents. The robbery rate for cities within 50 miles of the border was lower each year compared with the state average. In Texas over that time span, the robbery rate ranged from 145 to 173 per 100,000 people in the state, while the robbery rate throughout Texas' border region never rose above 100 per 100,000. Kidnapping cases investigated by the FBI along the border are on the decline. The bureau's Southwestern offices identified 62 cartel-related kidnapping cases on U.S. soil that involved cartels or illegal immigrants in 2009. That fell to 25 in 2010 and 10 so far in 2011. When presented with USA TODAY's findings, a majority of law enforcement officials throughout the border region said the numbers accurately represent what they see. "Over the last five years, whether you take a look at violent crime or property crime, we've seen a 30% decrease," said Chula Vista (Calif.) Police Chief David Bejarano, whose city is 7 miles from Tijuana. In Arizona, the epicenter of the immigration debate since the state passed a tough immigration enforcement law last year, some police officials are frustrated by the rhetoric. "Everything looks really good, which is why it's so distressing and frustrating to read about these reports about crime going up everywhere along the border, when I know for a fact that the numbers don't support those allegations," Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villaseor said. And in Texas, El Paso has seen sharp declines in violent crimes despite being in the shadow of Ciudad Jurez, one of the main battlegrounds of Mexico's drug wars where 3,400 people were murdered last year. "I'm not trying to paint a picture here that nothing ever happens, because it does," El Paso Police Chief Greg Allen said. "But some have tried to suggest that El Paso is a violent city just because of its location. Unfortunately, some people's misperceptions have become their reality." Unreported crime Critics express doubts about the credibility of the FBI data, known as the Uniform Crime Reports, the government's only national repository for local crime data. One concern is that many crimes go unreported, and the FBI reports don't include some of the money-making crimes used frequently by Mexican drug cartels: kidnapping and extortion. "There's actually a private industry that negotiates ransoms with kidnappers," said San Diego Sheriff's Dept. Capt. David Myers, who heads the office's Border Crime Suppression Team. "There are actual people you can call who can negotiate that ransom for you if your loved ones have been kidnapped, without involving law enforcement." But the available data indicate kidnappings are on the decline. FBI Assistant Director Kevin Perkins, who heads the agency's criminal investigative division, said crime statistics reported by border communities and daily contacts with local officials do not show surges in such crimes as kidnapping and extortion. "We don't see giant spikes in violence," Perkins said. Others say crime reports don't reflect the measure of the crime along the border. U.S. Rep. Francisco "Quico" Canseco, a Texas Republican, joined Miller and McCaul in proposing a bill that would require Homeland Security to track border-related crimes to better account for kidnappings, property-related crimes and simple acts of trespassing when farmers and ranchers encounter smugglers crossing their lands. "There is spillover crime," Canseco said. "We need to be able to measure it." Critics also point to high-profile killings in the border region as proof that the cartel violence is spilling over. For example, on March 27, 2010, Arizona rancher Robert Krentz was murdered. The killing remains unsolved, but the case sparked outrage from advocates of increased immigration enforcement who suspect that the murder was committed by an illegal immigrant. Echoes of the Wild West Partly based on that case and others, the image of the U.S. side of the southwestern border as a lawless region reminiscent of the Wild West lives on. San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore visited Washington in November to brief members of Congress and found himself battling misconceptions. "A lot of it was anecdotal information that was not based on fact," he said. Angela Kelley, vice president of the Center for American Progress, a group pushing for immigration reform legislation that would allow some illegal immigrants a way to become citizens, said the perceived connection between immigrants and crime makes it impossible for Congress to reach a rational solution for the country's broken immigration system. "There's this conflation that some like to make between crime rates and immigrants, and throw in there guns and drugs and violence generally," Kelley said. "It's very toxic and it impacts the debate in such a substantial way that you can't have a responsible debate about what does work." The toll of extra security Starting with the administration of President George W. Bush, money flowing to the southwestern border has substantially increased. In 2000, there were fewer than 9,000 Customs and Border Patrol agents and officers patrolling the border. By 2010, that number was nearly 23,000. Homeland Security has increased funding for border security and interior enforcement by more than $5 billion since 2006, with most of that going to the southwestern border. Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl, both Republicans from Arizona, have endorsed a 10-point plan that would deploy 3,000 National Guard troops, increase funding for local law enforcement agencies by $60 million and add more fencing. "While our border with Mexico has always seen some level of illegal immigration, it has not seen the powerful threat of deadly violence that exists today due to Mexico's ongoing war against its drug cartels," McCain told a group of border sheriffs last year. Others think the nation already has the appropriate level of security along the border and should shift some of the funding toward easing the gridlock that exists for those trying to get through the built-up border. Crossing back and forth used to be simple, but the added layers of security and teams of Border Patrol officers inspecting vehicles and people coming into the country have caused hours-long delays for people legally entering the USA through the points of entry along the southwestern border, according to a report from the San Diego Association of Governments. Those delays lead to slowed business production as freight trucks carrying goods to the U.S. are held up, and discourage many Mexicans from crossing into the USA to shop as they once did, according to the report. Put together, those delays cost California about $1 billion in revenue in 2007, the report found. San Diego City Councilman David Alvarez said some of the money going to border security should instead be going to expanding the existing ports of entry and adding new ones to allow the state's already-hurting economy a chance to recover. However, he said, the image of a lawless border makes it hard to even discuss the topic. "When you've got the national rhetoric about illegal immigration, you can never get to a conversation about legal immigration," Alvarez said. "Effective border crossings and better regional economics don't sell newspapers." Contributing: Gomez reported from San Diego; Gillum from Tucson; and Johnson from El Paso and CiudadJu, Mexico. Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to For more information about reprints & permissions , visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to _EMAIL_ . Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com <N> Hundreds of cats seized from a major High Springs hoarding case are being shuttled this week to the University of Florida veterinary college to be spayed or neutered, tested and treated in preparation for an adoption event this month. Hundreds of cats seized from a major High Springs hoarding case are being shuttled this week to the University of Florida veterinary college to be spayed or neutered, tested and treated in preparation for an adoption event this month. The surgery is being done by about 25 UF veterinary students and a handful of veterinary residents from UF and the University of California at Davis. "There are over 600 that will need homes," said UF veterinary professor Julie Levy. "We are planning a big adopt-a-thon, so that's why we are having the push now to get them spayed and neutered and healthy." Alachua County Animal Services, along with national rescue groups, seized 697 cats on June 7 from Haven Acres Cat Sanctuary. Owners Steve and Pennie Lefkowitz described the sanctuary as a no-kill facility for unwanted felines. The Humane Society of the United States described it as the largest case of cat hoarding in the nation. Initially the cats, which are being housed in a warehouse, got exams and some treatment but had not been relinquished to Animal Services. Custody was turned over last week, allowing for the surgery  more than 300 need to be spayed or neutered  and more intensive treatment. More than 60 of the seized cats have been euthanized. Levy said many of the survivors have ringworm, mouth infections and diseases such as feline infectious peritonitis and viral feline leukemia. Haven Acres cats are being spayed or neutered in the style of Operation Catnip, a sterilization program at UF in which stray and feral cats undergo surgery in assembly line fashion with staff at various stations doing anesthesia, vaccinations, surgery and recovery. Levy said local veterinarians have been volunteering to provide other treatment. "We certainly would be happy to have more veterinarians that would be willing to volunteer, especially those who can do dentistry, because those severe mouth infections are very hard to treat," she said. "Some also have tumors that need to be removed  mostly benign tumors like tumors of the ear." The adopt-a-thon is set for Aug. 26-28 and will be based at the Alachua County Humane Society, 4205 NW 6th St., which is near the warehouse where the cats are now being housed, said Humane Society executive director Eric Van Ness. Animal Services Director Dave Flagler said he hopes widespread publicity from the Haven Acres case will boost adoptions.An adoption fee has not been set, Flagler said, adding that those interested in adopting a cat will be screened in order to make sure the cat and adopter are a good fit. "I'm kind of hopeful that a successful event for us would be 200 or 250," he said. "People need to make sound financial decisions. It's easy to listen about the hardships these animals have gone through, and they tug at your heart. If a person is wanting to open up their hearts to a new animal, this is a wonderful event. But make sure your wallet can accommodate that, as well." Prosecutors should decide by next week whether any charges will be filed against the Lefkowitzes, said Spencer Mann, of the State Attorney's Office. <N> In a victory for Chinese animal rights activistsas well as for an estimated 10,000 rabbits, guinea pigs, and micethe Chinese government ended its mandatory animal testing for most cosmetic products on June 30. But for cosmetics companies manufacturing outside China who have made a point of forgoing animal testing, the news offers little reason to celebrate. The law only frees companies that manufacture domestically (pdf) from the requirement that they hand over samples to the government for animal testsnot foreign ones. This leaves many major cosmetic companies in bit of a conundrum, as they try to sell makeup, lotions, shampoos and skin-lightening creams in Chinas 162.5-billion-yuan ($26.3-billion) cosmetics sectorwhile maintaining their anti-cruelty stance in Western markets. Indeed, Avon, Estee Lauder, and Revlon were removed from the list of cruelty-free companies that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) maintains, after the animal rights group discovered that they were submitting to Chinese animal testing. Here are some ways that a handful of big-name foreign companies operating in China have navigated the issue. LOreal: One of the biggest cosmetic companies out there, LOreal has touted itself as an animal-testing-free brand. But the company has a caveat on its website: In China, the regulatory authorities carry out within their evaluation centers animal tests for finished cosmetics products before these are placed on their market. We think these tests are unnecessary but we cannot prevent them. The high-end brand Kiehls, whose parent company is LOreal, reiterates the policy of not testing on animals, but adds An exception could only be made if regulatory authorities demanded it for safety or regulatory purposes. Body Shop: Although its parent company is also LOreal, Body Shop has taken a stronger stand against Chinas mandatory law on animal testing, perhaps because that stance is central to its brand image. The company had originally put stores in Chinas airports, where products arent subject to the same animal testing required for general sales in China. But it removed its products from shelves after news that they may be subject to post-market testing, which can be done on animals. Procter & Gamble: The largest cosmetics maker in the world, P&G is parent to brands that include Olay, SK-II, and CoverGirl. Its company website, like LOreals, says it is committed to pursuing an end to animal testing. More than 99% of P&Gs products havent been tested on animals, the site says, adding, The remaining tiny percentage comes from studies required by law or because of legally obligated safety requirements where no alternatives are available yet. Olay and SK-II are sold in China, and in 2005 CoverGirl was launched in China. Estee Lauder: Parent company to Clinique and M.A.C., Estee Lauder is committed to the elimination of animal testing, according to the Clinique website. But again, it includes an except when required by law clause. Both Clinique and M.A.C. are sold in China. LOccitane: On its website, LOccitane points out that it was one of the first on the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisections (BUAV) list of animal-test-free cosmetics. It also acknowledges, however, that BUAV took them off the list for operating in China. Unfortunately given the limited economic and political weight of LOCCITANE, ceasing to sell our products in China will not do anything to change local regulations, the company concludes. Instead, to move forward we decided to develop relationship with the Chinese authorities to pledge the case for the ending of animal testing for beauty products, through open dialog. Even though foreign firms still must submit their cosmetics for animal testing before selling them in China, the laws amendment is a sign of a gradual policy easing. Humane Society International credited its own Be Cruelty-Free China campaign for prompting the move, and described it as a phase in an ongoing process, expressing a hope that once the new system has been established, it may be expanded to include imported products and certain special use cosmetics as well. This would be a major step towards removing trade barriers between China and the EU, enabling cruelty-free companies worldwide to sell their products on the Chinese mainland without compromising their no animal testing policies. Until that happens, the discrepancy between the treatment of products manufactured in China and abroad offers Chinese cosmetics companies an advantage and gives their own industry a boost, said Dan Harris, an attorney at the international law firm Harris Moure, who specializes in China. Meanwhile, smaller foreign companies that have built their brand and customer loyalty on an anti-testing stance may find themselves waiting on the sidelines of Chinas booming cosmetics market. <N> Pamela Anderson's thoughts about MAC Cosmetics are no longer warm and fuzzy. The actress wrote a strongly worded letter expressing outrage that MAC, which has long prided itself on creating cruelty-free makeup, does test products on animals in countries that legally require it for imported cosmetics. Anderson, a longtime PETA activist and former MAC spokesperson, sent her letter to John Demsey  group president at Este Lauder, which owns MAC  on Thursday. Weve known each other for a long time, and Ive always admired you for embracing M.A.C. Cosmetics as a pioneer in cruelty-free makeup. Thats why I was so proud to be a Viva Glam M.A.C. girl in 2004, she wrote. But the buzz is much different now, and you know I cant bite my tongue. When I worked with M.A.C., I found it to be a very progressive and forward-thinking company. Thats why I was very disturbed to learn from PETA that M.A.C., under your direction at Este Lauder, is selling products in China, where the company funds painful tests on animals in order to meet the countrys archaic regulations. This has tainted the brand and alienated many of the companys longtime allies. MAC acknowledged its practice of having its products tested on animals in China, where its required by law for imported cosmetics. We do not test our products or ingredients on animals, or ask others to test on our behalf, except where required by law, the company said in a statement. [B]efore we are able to import any of our products into China, the Chinese government requires all importers of cosmetics, including us, to pay for animal testing that is conducted by a government-mandated laboratory in China. We are proud that we were one of the first cosmetic companies to establish that cosmetic safety can be demonstrated by nonanimal testing methods. There are, however, still some countries that believe they need to conduct or require animal testing in order to validate the safety of cosmetic ingredients or products. Our Company and all of our brands remain dedicated to the elimination of animal testing on all cosmetic products and ingredients worldwide. We believe that animal testing should not be needed to validate safety of cosmetic products or ingredients and we are encouraging the use of alternatives and the elimination of such animal testing globally. Although MAC could choose not to sell its products in countries such as China, As a global company, we are committed to providing our products and services to our consumers where they live, and we must comply with all legal requirements in the countries where we do business. Anderson, 48, urged the company to stop selling in China, noting she has faith in the brand. Wont you restore M.A.C. to its former glory as a brand with principles? This article originally appeared in the New York Post. <N> Keep Animal Testing Out of Your Shopping Cart Tips to make sure cruelty isnt an ingredient in the products you purchase You can become a more compassionate consumer by making sure your cosmetics and personal care, household and pet care products aren't tested on animals. It's easier than you think. Support the Humane Cosmetics Act The Humane Cosmetics Act would end cosmetics testing on animals in the U.S. by prohibiting the use of animals to test cosmetics and banning the import of animal-tested cosmetics. Support the Humane Cosmetics Act Find certified cruelty-free products Follow the Leaping Bunny Want to know which products arent tested on animals? Start with the Leaping Bunny guide, a list of cruelty-free brands compiled by the Coalition for Consumer Information on Cosmetics (CCIC). As a founding member organization of CCIC, The HSUS encourages shoppers to purchase from the cosmetic, personal care, household and pet care companies listed in the guide, since they have met a rigorous, internationally recognized cruelty-free standard. Download the Leaping Bunny app for iPhone/iPad or Android  Look for the Leaping Bunny logo Some CCIC-certified companies make animal friendly shopping easier by displaying the Leaping Bunny logo on their products. Download our informative infographic with details on how to interpret labels and ensure the products you're buying are cruelty-free!  Choose bunny-approved online stores When you shop at crueltyfreeconsumer.com, you can be sure that all of the products are Leaping Bunny-certified. A wide range of products from Leaping Bunny-certified companies are also available at online retailers like Amazon, Dermstore, GreenCupboards, iHerb, Lucky Vitamin, Pangea, The Green Life, and Vegan Essentials. Ask companies if they test on animals If a brand you're considering isn't on the Leaping Bunny list, contact the company and ask if its products or ingredients are tested on animals at any stage in the manufacturing process. Also ask if the company sells its products in China, which requires animal testing of cosmetics. You can get in touch with companies using the toll-free number on their packages or via their website. Get more companies to go cruelty-free With your support, we've made so much progress towards ending cosmetics animal testing for good  both in the U.S. and around the world. Check out our infographic to see how far we've come. You can help expand the number of companies that meet the Leaping Bunny standard by asking them to have their products certified as cruelty-free. Download a sample letter/email for ideas on how to word your request and check the product or the company's website for contact information. <N> Get the facts about cosmetics animal testing and learn more about The HSUS Be Cruelty-Free campaign to end cosmetics animal testing worldwide. What products are considered cosmetics? The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) defines cosmetics as "articles intended to be applied to the human body for cleansing, beautifying, promoting attractiveness, or altering the appearance without affecting the body's structure or functions." Examples include skin cream, perfume, lipstick, nail polish, eye and facial makeup, shampoo and hair color. Any ingredient used in a cosmetic also falls under this definition. Products normally labeled as cosmetics are classified as drugs when a medical claim is made. For example, toothpaste is sometimes classified as a cosmetic, but toothpaste that advertises cavity protection is a drug. The same is true for deodorants advertised as antiperspirants, shampoos that make anti-dandruff claims and lotions that contain sunscreen. Is animal testing legally required for cosmetics sold in the United States? No. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (regulated by the Food and Drug Administration) prohibits the sale of mislabeled and "adulterated" cosmetics, but does not require that animal tests be conducted to demonstrate that the cosmetics are safe. You can help end cosmetics testing on animals in the U.S.  Where is animal testing mandatory? The Chinese government conducts mandatory animal tests on all cosmetic products imported into the country. The government may also conduct animal tests on items pulled from store shelves. Therefore, even if a cosmetics company does not test their products or ingredients on animals, if they sell their products in China they cannot be considered cruelty-free. View a timeline of actions taken to end cosmetics cruelty around the world. While some countries continue to insist on animal testing, others are changing for the better. In 2013, a ban on animal testing for cosmetics and the marketing of cosmetics tested on animals went into effect in the European Union, paving the way for efforts to find alternatives for all of the common cosmetics tests that use animals. common cosmetics tests that use animals. India, Israel, Norway, and Switzerland have passed similar laws. Cosmetic companies in the United States and abroad that conduct animal tests will not be able to sell those products in any of these countries unless they change their practices. Guatemala, New Zealand, South Korea, Taiwan, Turkey, and several states in Brazil have also passed laws to ban or limit cosmetic animal testing. Can legislation help end animal testing for cosmetics? One approach is through legislative and policy initiatives that prohibit the testing of cosmetics on animals. The Humane Cosmetics Act if enacted, would end cosmetics testing on animals in the U.S. by prohibiting the use of animals to test cosmetics and banning the import of animal-tested cosmetics. A longer-term approach is to develop non-animal tests that provide a broader range of human safety information  including information about cancer and birth defects  that would provide complete evaluation of new products. Until that time, an effective approach is consumer pressure; companies will get the idea if consumers show a strong preference for cruelty-free cosmetics and support an end to cosmetics animal testing. Why do some companies still use animal testing? When choosing to develop or use new, untested ingredients in their cosmetic products, some companies will conduct new animal tests to assess the safety of these new ingredients. This practice is both unnecessary and inaccurate, and the HSUS actively opposes the choice to unnecessarily use animals in these cruel tests. What cosmetics tests are performed on animals? Although they are not required by law, several tests are commonly performed that expose mice, rats, rabbits and guinea pigs to cosmetics ingredients. These can include: Skin and eye irritation tests where chemicals are rubbed onto the shaved skin or dripped into the eyes of restrained rabbits without any pain relief Repeated force-feeding studies lasting weeks or months to look for signs of general illness or specific health hazards such as cancer or birth defects Widely condemned "lethal dose" tests, in which animals are forced to swallow large amounts of a test chemical to determine the dose that causes death. At the end of a test the animals are killed, normally by asphyxiation, neck-breaking or decapitation. Pain relief is not provided. In the United States, a large percentage of the animals used in such testing (such as laboratory-bred rats and mice) are not counted in official statistics and receive no protection under the Animal Welfare Act. Are there other arguments against testing on animals? Yes. Animal tests have scientific limitations, as different species respond differently when exposed to the same chemicals. Consequently, results from animal tests may not be relevant to humans, as they can under- or overestimate real-world hazards to people. In addition, results from animal tests can be quite variable and difficult to interpret. Unreliable and ineffective animal tests mean consumer safety cannot be guaranteed. In contrast, non-animal alternatives can combine human cell-based tests and sophisticated computer models to deliver human-relevant results in hours or days, unlike some animal tests that can take months or years. Non-animal alternatives are also typically much more cost-effective than tests that use animals. What are the alternatives to animal testing? There are already many products on the market that are made using thousands of ingredients that have a long history of safe use. Companies can ensure safety by choosing to create products using those ingredients. Companies also have the option of using existing non-animal tests or investing in and developing alternative non-animal tests for new ingredients. There are nearly 50 non-animal tests that have been validated for use, with many more in development. These modern alternatives can offer results that are not only more relevant to people, but more efficient and cost-effective. Advanced non-animal tests represent the very latest techniques that science has to offer, replacing outdated animal tests that were developed decades ago. What is the Be Cruelty-Free campaign doing to stop animal testing? The Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society International are committed to ending animal testingforever. Through our Be Cruelty-Free campaign, we are working in the U.S. and around the globe to create a world where animals no longer have to suffer to produce lipstick and shampoo. In the United States, the Humane Cosmetics Act was introduced, which if enacted would prohibit animal testing for cosmetics in the U.S. , as well as the import of animal-tested cosmetics. We're also reaching out to legislators and regulators in the U.S., Canada, Asia and South America to achieve lasting progress for animals. We're also reaching out to legislators and regulators in Canada, Asia and South America to achieve lasting progress for animals. By working with scientists from universities, private companies and government agencies worldwide, we are supporting efforts to develop a 21st-century approach to testing that combines ultra-fast cell tests and sophisticated computer models to deliver human-relevant results in hours, unlike some animal tests that can take months or years. How can I help? We urgently need your help to end the suffering of animals in cosmetics testing. Here are some ways to get started: <N> 1. 200-Meter Swimming Obstacle Race Every four years, the world watches in awe as Olympians like Michael Phelps cut gracefully through the water to set world records and hold aloft gold medals in freestyle swimming. Imagine how much more entertaining the performance could be, though, if the competitors had to stop mid-race and climb over a string of rowboats tied up in the middle of the pool. Thats exactly what participants did 112 years ago in the 200-meter swimming obstacle race. Actually, athletes in the event started not by diving from a platform into chlorinated waters but by clambering over a pole to plunge into the River Seine. Swimmers then fought the rivers current to scramble over a row of boats moored in their path before ducking under a second row of boats. A sprint to the finish ended the spectacle with a flourish. Why this captivating competition was held just once, at the 1900 Games in Paris, remains a mystery. 2. Tug-of-War Now relegated to a schoolyard game, tug-of-war once was a respectable sport engaged in by grown men. In fact, tug-of-war appeared as an Olympic event not once but six times, from 1900 to 1920. In the Olympic version of the sport, eight men per team lined up along opposite ends of a thick rope and pulled against each other. To win, a team had to pull its opponent six feet forward. Such simplicity of design did not quell an eruption of controversy in the sport, however. At the 1908 London Games, American athletes complained that one of the British teamsironically composed of members of the Liverpool police departmentcheated by using cleated shoes. The ability of team members to spike themselves into the turf obviously posed a huge advantage in a tug-of-war competition. The protest was denied, so the American team withdrew from the event. Despite the alleged cheating, the Liverpool team didnt take the gold medal. That honor went to another British team, the City of London Police. Tug-of-war was retired from the Olympics after 1920 for unknown reasons. 3. Pigeon Shoot Spectators at the 2012 Olympic Games in London will see skilled skeet shooters blasting their shotguns at round targets called clay pigeons. Unfortunately, the pigeons werent made of clay at the Paris Games in 1900those birds had real feathers. In its only appearance as an Olympic event, live pigeon shooting proved to be an unsettling spectacle as hundreds of the birds were released as targets for gun-wielding competitors. Nearly 300 pigeons were killed or wounded, leaving the ground littered with feathers and blood. Not surprisingly, this sport was subsequently discontinued. 4. All-Around Dumbbells Purportedly designed to determine the worlds strongest man, the all-around dumbbells contest was held just onceover two days during the 1904 Games in St. Louisand included a freestyle component. Participants performed nine lifts, including arm curls and shoulder presses. Unfortunately, crucial details about the dumbbell competition remain sketchy. Were the lifts performed multiple times with dumbbells of increasing weight, for example? Its a key question, especially since a 1903 article in the New York Times reported that one of the events consisted of tossing up one dumbbell from the ground to the shoulder. This would have been an impressive sight if the strongmen were throwing 50-pound dumbbells around. The competitors also engaged in a freestyle demonstration of original feats of the athletes choice. Sadly, few photos of the event exist to help fill in the details about what these feats entailed. After this lone appearance, all-around dumbbells never again showed up on the Olympic sports roster. 5. Dueling Pistols As a method for resolving offenses of honor, dueling dates back to medieval times. The history of dueling as a sporting pursuit is more difficult to trace. Certainly, pistol sports have been around for some time, dating at least to the 1896 Olympic Games, which included several rapid-fire pistol shooting events. The dueling pistols competition, begun in 1906, took pistol sports to a new level. No competitors were harmed since the target was not another dueler but a stuffed dummy. This faux adversary, by some accounts decked out in a frocked coat, was fired upon from distances of 20 and 30 meters. The dueling pistols event was discontinued after the 1912 Stockholm Olympics but continues to hold the publics fascination: A poll conducted before the 2000 Sydney Olympics showed that 32 percent of respondents would like to see dueling pistols reinstated as a sport. <N> Berlin 1936 Olympic Games, athletic festival held in Berlin that took place August 116, 1936. The Berlin Games were the 10th occurrence of the modern Olympic Games. Read More on This Topic Olympic Games: Berlin, Germany, 1936 The 1936 Olympics were held in a tense, politically charged atmosphere. The Nazi Party had risen to power in 1933, two years after Berlin was awarded the Games, and its racist policies led to international debate about a boycott of the Games. The 1936 Olympics were held in a tense, politically charged atmosphere. The Nazi Party had risen to power in 1933, two years after Berlin was awarded the Games, and its racist policies led to international debate about a boycott of the Games. Fearing a mass boycott, the International Olympic Committee pressured the German government and received assurances that qualified Jewish athletes would be part of the German team and that the Games would not be used to promote Nazi ideology. Adolf Hitlers government, however, routinely failed to deliver on such promises. Only one athlete of Jewish descent was a member of the German team (see Sidebar: Helene Mayer: Fencing for the Fhrer); pamphlets and speeches about the natural superiority of the Aryan race were commonplace; and the Reich Sports Field, a newly constructed sports complex that covered 325 acres (131.5 hectares) and included four stadiums, was draped in Nazi banners and symbols. Nonetheless, the attraction of a spirited sports competition was too great, and in the end 49 countries chose to attend the Olympic Games in Berlin. The Berlin Olympics also featured advancements in media coverage. It was the first Olympic competition to use telex transmissions of results, and zeppelins were used to quickly transport newsreel footage to other European cities. The Games were televised for the first time, transmitted by closed circuit to specially equipped theatres in Berlin. The 1936 Games also introduced the torch relay by which the Olympic flame is transported from Greece. Nearly 4,000 athletes competed in 129 events. The track-and-field competition starred American Jesse Owens, who won three individual gold medals and a fourth as a member of the triumphant U.S. 4  100-metre relay team. Altogether Owens and his teammates won 12 mens track-and-field gold medals; the success of Owens and the other African American athletes, referred to as black auxiliaries by the Nazi press, was considered a particular blow to Hitlers Aryan ideals. See also Sidebar: Sohn Kee-chung: The Defiant One. 1936 Berlin Olympics Overview of the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games, including Nazi propaganda and the performance of Jesse Owens. Contunico  ZDF Enterprises GmbH, Mainz However, the Germans did win the most medals overall, dominating the gymnastics, rowing, and equestrian events. Hendrika (Rie) Mastenbroek of the Netherlands won three gold medals and a silver in the swimming competition. Basketball, an Olympic event for the first time in 1936, was won by the U.S. team. Canoeing also debuted as an Olympic sport. The 1940 and 1944 Games, scheduled for Helsinki, Finland (originally slated for Tokyo), and London, respectively, were canceled because of World War II. <N> Latest radar loop. (Weather Underground) Blizzard warning | Latest forecast | Radar | Live news updates | Watch the storm live | Power outage tracker | What does two feet of snow look like? | Photo gallery | NWS snow totals *** D.C. area forecast: Blizzard rages today, ending tonight after giant snowfall *** Key points: Snow totals have reached 22-35 inches west, north, and northwest of the Beltway, 18-24 inches inches inside the Beltway, and 10-20 inches south and southeast of the Beltway. Blizzard conditions were achieved in D.C. late this afternoon. This storm, named Snowzilla, ranks as the snowiest on record for Baltimore, second snowiest on record at Dulles, and is tied for fourth snowiest on record in D.C. 11:59 p.m. concluding thoughts: Snow has ended, except for perhaps an errant flurry or two. Nothing more than a random dusting (good luck noticing!) is expected at this point. With clearing skies, lows are mainly in the near 20 to low 20s range. Sundays going to be a good day for enjoying the leftovers of Snowzilla, and getting the cleanup process in gear. Local hills are likely to be filled with sleds and the weather largely cooperates. Capital Weather Gang's Jason Samenow has your weekly forecast and reports on just how much snow fell in the D.C. area during "Snowzilla." (Jason Samenow,Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post) Its mainly sunny and highs are near 30 or into the low 30s most spots. We definitely wont see a lot of natural help through melting, just yet. The good news is winds are way down, but theyll still blow around 10-15 mph early, then dwindle with time. Sunday night is likely very cold thanks to the fresh snow pack, light winds, and mostly clear skies. Single digits are a good bet north and west where the deepest snow is. In the city and south or east, mainly 10-15 or so. Well have SchoolCast and FedCast along tomorrow. Historically, and given the cold Sunday forecast plus ton of snow to move, its a good bet not much will be running normally by Monday. 11:45 p.m. update: Might as well plop a short radar loop of the end of Snowzilla in here. For a while there it seemed it would never stop. Radar loop ending 11:45 p.m. (Weather Underground) 11:15 p.m. update: Were seeing more and more reports of Snowzilla ending. Radar confirms. About time, no? Snow tapering off. Final Chevy Chase measure: 29.5 inches! @capitalweather How could Reagan really get 10 in. less? pic.twitter.com/lF5thlSaTQ  Peter Yeo (@yoyoyeo2) January 24, 2016 . @capitalweather 11 pm as snow ends, just shy of 25" in Friendship Hgts DC. 8" in last 12 hrs. pic.twitter.com/vnNEsLCgGj  David Lauter (@DavidLauter) January 24, 2016 @capitalweather I think it may have finally stopped snowing here in Rockville. Shhhh.nobody wake it up. #blizzard2016 #Snowzilla  Libby D (@libby21) January 24, 2016 10:45 p.m. update: NWS just put out an updated list of storm totals. Here are some of the biggest ones: North Potomac, Md.  36.5 Leesburg, Va.  34.0 Point of Rocks, Md.  32.0 Centreville, Va.  30.8 Damascus, Md.  29.0 BWI, Md.  29.2 IAD, Va.  28.3 Parkton, Md.  28.0 Columbia, Md.  27.7 Northwest D.C.  25.0 Baileys Crossroads, Va.  21.0 Greenbelt, Md.  20.5 DCA, Va.  17.8 National Harbor, Md.  17.0 10:15 p.m. update: Almost 36 hours after snow began, the end is here for some, and its coming for others. While radar still indicates some light snow is over parts of the region, any additional accumulation at this point is very small. Radar just after 10 p.m. (College of Dupage) Short-range models continue to indicate its totally done by near or just after midnight. You know it was a huge storm when it just doesnt want to end. Simulated midnight radar via the short-term HRRR. (weatherbell.com) 9:50 p.m. update: Where did the most snow fall in this storm anywhere on the East Coast? A mere two hours (100 miles) away in Berkeley County, West. Va., where 32-40 inches were reported. Berkeley County, West Va. snow totals (NWS) 9:30 p.m. update: Snowfall map from National Weather Service shows most locations north and west of I-95 received over 20 inches, where locations along and south and east of I-95 received 12 to 20 inches. (National Weather Service) 9:00 p.m. update: According to the National Weather Service, Baltimore (as measured at BWI Airport) received 29.2 inches, meaning Snowzilla has become its biggest snowstorm on record. Baltimore records date back to 1892. Top 5 snowstorms on record in Baltimore and at Dulles, through 2015, before Snowzilla. (NWS) Dulles Airport logged 28.3 inches, ranking second among its biggest storms. Dulles records date back to 1963. 8:40 p.m. update: The snowfall total of 17.8 inches at Reagan National Airport, which ties Snowmageddon as the 4th most on record, is in question  and very possibly an underestimate. Read Angela Fritzs report: Washington, D.C., snowfall total called into question after improper measurement 8:25 p.m. update: Its still snowing in D.C., gently A nice video from Capital Weather Gangs Ian Livingston in Cleveland Park.. 8:00 p.m. update: Reagan National Airports preliminary snowfall total through 8 p.m. is 17.8 inches, which ties Snowmageddon of 2010 as the 4th most on record. However, we are not convinced this is a legitimate total and will have more to say about it later. [Where Snowzilla fits into D.C.s top 10 snowstorms] Meanwhile, New York City Central Park has logged its snowiest day on record: 7:30 p.m. update: Great map shows incredible snow output from Snowzilla in Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, via National Weather Service: Harrisburg, Pa. had its greatest amount of snow from a single storm on record: 7:20 p.m. update: Snow continues to fall steadily across the region, but has generally lessened in intensity from moderate to heavy to light to moderate. Over the next few hours, snow may continue but slowly become lighter. Models still suggest snow should wind down between about 10 p.m. and midnight or a little after. 6:47 p.m. update: Believe it or not, New York City has received even more snow than D.C. JFK has logged it snowiest single day total on record. Former Capital Weather Gang contributor Andrew Freedman, now science editor at Mashable, sends us the following report from Brooklyn: Manhattan and the Bronx along with Newark are closing in on 24-30 inches. JFK now at 24. Some areas of northern NJ could exceed 35 inches. Unreal here, in terms of snowfall rates all day and the National Weather Service has been playing catchup. It was clear days ago that this was an excruciatingly tough forecast for New York City, with a shift of 40-50 miles making a huge difference. Unfortunately for many people, that shift happened in the models with evening runs on Friday, catching people off guard on Saturday morning, and forcing forecasters to up totals every few hours. Historic storm in NYC, and its still going. I don't think I've ever seen a snowband this perfectly set up to just dump snow on downtown NYC. (Moving NE to SW) pic.twitter.com/2HsdrxO8N2  Andrew Freedman (@afreedma) January 23, 2016 6:28 p.m. update: How about THAT? 6:25 p.m. update: A few recent photos: This is DC right now, in case you were wondering. (taken in Cleveland Park) @capitalweather #Blizzard2016 pic.twitter.com/rMNh2RsGGg  Alejandro Alvarez (@aletweetsnews) January 23, 2016 6:10 p.m. update: Between 3 and 5 p.m., the conditions outside qualified as a blizzard in the D.C. area. What exactly does that mean? I explain in this video: Capital Weather Gang's Jason Samenow explains how meteorologists classify blizzards. (Thomas Johnson/The Washington Post) 5:50 p.m. update: Dulles Airport, as of 4:20 p.m., had tallied 26.5 inches of snow, second most on record there. It only trails Snowmageddon of Feb. 5-6, 2010, when 32.4 inches fell. Records at Dulles date back to 1963. Dulles top five snowstorms, prior to Snowzilla. (NWS) 5:25 p.m. update: Heres the latest snow total map assembled by the National Weather Service. Notice pretty much everyone north and west of the Beltway is over 20 inches. Many of these numbers are at least an hour or more old. (National Weather Service) 5:10 p.m. update: D.C.s official storm total, as of 5 p.m., is 17.5 inches which puts it ahead of the Blizzard of 1996 and into 5th place among the top 10 greatest storms. Just 0.3 inches need to fall for it to pass Snowmageddon. 5:00 p.m. update: BLIZZARD! D.C. has officially met the criteria for a blizzard: Three straight hours with winds gusting over 35 mph, visibility of 0.25 miles or less and snow and blowing snow. At 5 p.m., National Airport, D.C.s reporting station, observed heavy snow, winds gusting to 37 mph, and visibility of 0.06 miles. 4:45 p.m. update: Here are some recent snow totals: Va.: Woodbridge 22, Arlington 22, Tysons-Vienna 23-25, Leesburg 28-31, Gainesville 27, Fair Oaks 23, Brambleton 35, Great Falls 27, Herndon 28, Manassas 25, Alexandra 21, Fairfax 26, Annandale 17 Md.: Laurel 24, Potomac and Rockville 24-28, Silver Spring 28, Pasadena 20, Wheaton 22, Eldersburg 34, Greenbelt 20, New Market 35 D.C.: Petworth 19, Mt. Pleasant 21, Adams Morgan 23, Navy Yard 19 Vienna near Tysons showing almost 25" at 16:44, 1/23/16. Steady snow falling still. #Snowzilla @capitalweather pic.twitter.com/HBfGBuZJEg  Chris Hornbostel (@ChrisHornb) January 23, 2016 4:25 p.m. update: Lets just say Columbia Heights is snowed under Columbia Heights, Jan. 23, 2016. (Amy Brittain) Columbia Heights, Jan. 23, 2016. (Amy Brittain) 4:10 p.m. update: Reagan National Airport, D.C.s official observing location, reports a storm total of 17.0 inches as of 4 p.m. This puts this storm, Snowzilla, in 6th place among D.C.s top 10 biggest storms, passing the Blizzard of 2003, which dropped 16.7 inches. It is poised to move further up the list. 4:02 p.m. update: D.C. (Reagan National) reports heavy snow and blowing snow, winds gusting to 39 mph and visibility of 0.25 miles at 4 p.m. If this persists for another hour, true blizzard conditions will have been achieved. 3:57 p.m. update: Look at the satellite (top) and radar (bottom) presentation of this storm. Its just massive and isnt done with us yet. 3:38 p.m. update: This looks to last four more hours, says Capital Weather Gang winter weather expert on this current blast of heavy snow and strong winds. With snowfall rates of 1-2 inches an hour, you can do the math of how much more snow is possible. Lighter snow should follow before the storm ends in the 8-11 p.m. window. 3:30 p.m. update: Pretty incredible snow totals not just in the D.C. area but into the Northeast was well. These are an hour old and totals have probably increased 1-2 inches since! 3:26 p.m. update: Crazy near-white-out conditions in downtown Washington as viewed from Washington Post: 3:20 p.m. update: The following locations in Virginia and Maryland report an astounding 30 inches or more of snow Md.: Parkville (33), Olney (30), Point of Rocks (31), Jefferson  Frederick Co. (40), Germantown (30) Va.: Brambleton (32), Haymarket (31), Ashburn (31), Lovettsville (32), Hillsboro (37), Purcellville (32), Bristow (30), Round Hill (31) 3:00 p.m. update: This last phase of the storm is a knockout blow. Near whiteout conditions have overtaken much of the region. Reagan National is reporting heavy snow, winds gusting to 36 mph and just 0.13 miles of visibility at 3 p.m. Do not attempt to drive in this. Photos: Straight up blizzard in Del Ray, Alexandria @capitalweather pic.twitter.com/3v3i1qG4pV  Melissa Shoe (@mel_shoe) January 23, 2016 2:53 p.m. update: When does it end? Heres a simulation from the HRRR model, which suggests in the 8-11 p.m. timeframe this evening. Simulation of end of storm from HRRR model. (WeatherBell.com) One caution is that sometimes in these very wound-up storms, the snow lasts a little longer than the models predict. 2:40 p.m. update: The National Weather Service has posted a map of totals, and they are impressive. Bear in mind this map is an hour old now, but you can see the consistency of totals over 20 inches north and west of the Beltway and these are just going to go higher. Totals as of 1:40 p.m. (NWS) 2:20 p.m. update: In areas from I-95 and east, after an extended lull (6-8 hours), the snow is picking back up in earnest and winds are howling. Visibilities are extremely limited so do not attempt to drive in this. Across much of the region, another 3-6 inches of snow is possible and potentially more depending on how long this heavy band persists over the region. (For our previous updates,, covering 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. today: see, Snow continues through the afternoon, winds increasing) <N> Michael Kaloki is Radio Netherlands Worldwides correspondent in Kenya. Next to being a journalist, he is alto a talented ice sculptor. Michael wrote the following report about his adventures at this years Helsinki Zoo International Ice Sculpture Competition. By Michael Kaloki, Helsinki What do you mean by ice carving? This is a question that I have been asked countless times by my colleagues, friends and relatives in Nairobi. It seems that the concept of carving ice is not understood by many of those I know. One of my friends once asked me, Can ice be carved? One even said, That is crazy! The answer to that (the first question that is) is yes. There are sculptors in various European and North American countries who focus on bringing out their artistic visions by using ice as a medium. Canada This year, I am attending the Helsinki Zoo International Ice Sculpture Competition, in Finland. One question I am almost always asked at events is, How did you get into ice carving, yet there is no ice in Kenya. I would often reply by saying that ice is just like any other medium. Although I would not attest to being a professional carver  in fact I would consider myself still a novice  I believe that ice should be understood as a medium of expression for a sculptor. While studying in Canada, I had the opportunity to visit the famous Quebec Winter Carnival, where I saw a number of magnificent ice and snow carvings. Finland Upon my return to Kenya, I decided to try and find out what carving ice and snow was all about. I found a local Kenyan artist who was also interested. We formed a team and began participating at a number of events. But this year I travelled alone to the Helsinki Zoo International Ice Carving Competition. The organizers had arranged for me to join a Finnish ice carver to form a team. We are required to carve two sculptures during the four day event. First, we carved a spider web. Our next piece will depict a bee on a flower. I am the only African taking part in the event. The other competitors are from Europe, Asia and North America. Celsius Although some might feel that ice is only for use in soft drinks, there is more to it than just being another name for frozen water. Ice enables you to stretch the limits of sculpting. Not many mediums provide the sculptor with an opportunity to use the weather as an assistant. For example, one can fuse ice pieces together by using the cold weather as a sort of gluing factor. Just add a bit of water as many recipes say, and voil, you can sculpt a tree with branches. Or any other object. Another interesting aspect of ice carving, is that in order to be successful in carving ones piece, chances are that you have to endure freezing temperatures. Minus 15 degrees Celsius and below are temperatures that many ice carvers enjoy working in. After all, you do not want your work of art melting even before you are able to finish it. However, working in such conditions often involves covering yourself in bulky winter clothing and sometimes enduring cold icy winds. While taking part in competitions, you have to sometimes look away from throngs of spectators who sip large cups of warm tea and coffee. Kalahari This situation is similar to working in the hot Kalahari Desert while talking to someone sipping a cold glass of milk. The temptation is to stop working and enjoy the milk too. However, at the end of it all, the harsh weather is but a mere small challenge in achieving the overall goal: a gracious piece of art. I am fascinated by the way ice sculptures tend to bring out a blend of elegance and splendour. After, you have the opportunity to enjoy these works of art, albeit for a brief moment. They melt away and return to their original form: water. In turn, the water will one day freeze again and give a chance to another sculptor to show his or her skills. Source: _LINKS_ Advertisements <N> The ice is being transported from Lapland and the competitors are heading to Helsinki from all corners of the world. It is once again time to see who is who when the eighth international ice sculpture competition Art Meets Ice 2012 will take place at the Helsinki Zoo on February, 4-5 and 11-12. Just to get an idea of the scale of the project were talking about 36 professional sculptors from 14 different countries who use 40 000 kg of ice to create 24 works of art. The participants will compete in two categories and two themes: 200 years ago single competition takes place on the first weekend of February and Designed by Nature couples competition on the second weekend on February, 11-12. This years topics reflect the 200 years anniversary of Helsinki as capital of Finland and as the World Design Capital of 2012. Last years winners in the couples competition were sculptors Michael Kaloki from Kenya and Timo Koivisto from Finland. The Helsinki Zoo publicist Taru Vuori says that the Kenyan sculptors form an interesting group of competitors since they have no natural ice to practice with in their home country so they have to train in the refrigerated pantry of a Nairobian luxury hotel. Participating countries this year include as expected the neighbouring Nordic countries and participants from Europe as well as Russia but perhaps somewhat more surprising entrances are countries such as India and Mongolia. Vuori tells however that Mongolia has been a regular attendee in the competition already since 2006. The first Mongolian sculptors to participate in the contest were actually wood carvers using their traditional hand-carving tools. Helsinki turned out to be their springboard to international success and they have since been awarded in many international competitions. As in previous years the art is subjected to the Finnish weather conditions. In the best years the sculptures have lasted for almost two months whereas in milder winters theyve melted away in one week. So be quick to catch the artists in action or create your own art work in the snow sculpting workshop arranged on Saturday and Sunday from 11am to 4pm. Art Meets Ice 2011, the individual competition in the evening lighting (Source: Helsinki Zoo / Henrik Sunden) Helsinki Zoo has extended opening hours on the event weekends from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Tickets can be bought in advance from Lippupalvelu or at the Mustikkamaa gate at the zoo one hour before closing time the latest. By buying your ticket in advance you help the Helsinki Zoo wild animal rehabilitation center with two euros. Best way to reach the Helsinki Zoo is to take the bus 11 from the central railway station. <N> Learn more about the ways we use energy in our everyday lives and its environmental impacts . (CNN) A huge, swirling pile of trash in the Pacific Ocean is growing faster than expected and is now three times the size of France. According to a three-year study published in Scientific Reports Friday, the mass known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is about 1.6 million square kilometers in size -- up to 16 times bigger than previous estimates. That makes it more than double the size of Texas. Ghost nets, or discarded fishing nets, make up almost half the 80,000 metric tons of garbage floating at sea, and researchers believe that around 20% of the total volume of trash is debris from the 2011 Japanese tsunami. The study -- conducted by an international team of scientists with The Ocean Cleanup Foundation , six universities and an aerial sensor company -- utilized two aircraft surveys and 30 vessels to cross the debris field. Along with nets to survey and collect trash, researchers used two six-meter-wide devices to measure medium to large-sized objects. An aircraft was also fitted with advanced sensors to collect 3D scans of the ocean garbage. They ended up collecting a total of 1.2 million plastic samples and scanned more than 300 square kilometers of ocean surface. The bulk of the pile is made up of larger objects while only 8% of the mass is microplastics, or pieces smaller than 5 millimeters in size. "We were surprised by the amount of large plastic objects we encountered," Chief Scientist Julia Reisser said in a statement. "We used to think most of the debris consists of small fragments, but this new analysis shines a new light on the scope of the debris. JUST WATCHED Should I drink bottled water? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Should I drink bottled water? 01:32 'The Trash Isles' The patch is so big that last fall environmentalists called on the United Nations to declare the Great Pacific Garbage Patch a country, called " The Trash Isles ," complete with its own passport and currency, called debris. They even solicited 200,000 people to become citizens, including celebrities Sir David Attenborough, Chris Hemsworth and Gal Gadot. Their first citizen was "former US vice president and environmentalist Al Gore. Research scientist Britta Denise Hardesty, who wasn't involved in this study, said while discarded nets may make up almost half of the findings, the problem may be more nuanced. The crew pulling a ghost net from the Pacific Ocean. Hardesty was part of an earlier study published in Marine Policy in October that also found that discarded fishing gear make up a significant amount of global marine plastic pollution. It's estimated 640,000 tons of fishing gear is lost to the marine environment each year. "lt's not fair to just blame it on the fishermen or the top 20 countries for mismanaging waste," said Hardesty, principal research scientist for the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) in Australia. "Instead we need to look at the true value and cost of plastics, and factor in the costs of livelihood and tourism." Plastic samples collected during the study. The Great Pacific Garbage Patch was first discovered in 1997 by oceanographer Charles Moore when he sailed home to Southern California after finishing the Transpacific Yacht Race, from California to Hawaii. "I was confronted, as far as the eye could see, with the sight of plastic," wrote Moore about his discovery in Natural History "In the week it took to cross the subtropical high, no matter what time of day I looked, plastic debris was floating everywhere: bottles, bottle caps, wrappers, fragments." As for slowing down the onslaught of ocean garbage, Hardesty says we all can help. "Plastic pollution in the ocean is visible and trackable," said Hardesty. "We can definitely make a difference in how we vote with our pocketbook and think about each decision we make, whether we take our own bags to the supermarkets, refuse straws, bring our own coffee cups, accept single-use items or think about mindful alternatives." <N> The Great Pacific Garbage Patch, also known as the Pacific trash vortex , spans waters from the West Coast of North America to Japan. The patch is actually comprise d of the Western Garbage Patch, located near Japan, and the Eastern Garbage Patch, located between the U.S. states of Hawaii and California. These areas of spinning debris are linked together by the North Pacific Subtropical Convergence Zone, located a few hundred kilometers north of Hawaii. This convergence zone is where warm water from the South Pacific meets up with cooler water from the Arctic . The zone acts like a highway that moves debris from one patch to another. The entire Great Pacific Garbage Patch is bound ed by the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre. An ocean gyre is a system of circular ocean current s formed by the Earths wind patterns and the forces created by the rotation of the planet . The North Pacific Subtropical Gyre is created by the interaction of the California, North Equatorial, Kuroshiro, and North Pacific currents. These four currents move in a clockwise direction around an area of 20 million square kilometers (7.7 million square miles). The area in the center of a gyre tends to be very calm and stable . The circular motion of the gyre draws debris into this stable center, where it becomes trapped. A plastic water bottle discard ed off the coast of California, for instance, takes the California Current south toward Mexico. There, it may catch the North Equatorial Current, which crosses the vast Pacific. Near the coast of Japan, the bottle may travel north on the powerful Kuroshiro Current. Finally, the bottle travels westward on the North Pacific Current. The gently rolling vortexes of the Eastern and Western Garbage Patches gradually draw in the bottle. The amount of debris in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch accumulate s because much of it is not biodegradable . Many plastic s, for instance, do not wear down; they simply break into tinier and tinier pieces. For many people, the idea of a garbage patch conjure s up images of an island of trash floating on the ocean. In reality, these patches are almost entirely made up of tiny bits of plastic, called microplastic s. Microplastics cant always be seen by the naked eye. Even satellite imagery doesnt show a giant patch of garbage. The microplastics of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch can simply make the water look like a cloudy soup. This soup is intermixed with larger items, such as fishing gear and shoes. The seafloor beneath the Great Pacific Garbage Patch may also be an underwater trash heap. Oceanographer s and ecologist s recently discover ed that about 70% of marine debris actually sinks to the bottom of the ocean. While oceanographers and climatologist predict ed the existence of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, it was a racing boat captain by the name of Charles Moore who actually discovered the trash vortex. Moore was sailing from Hawaii to California after competing in a yachting race. Crossing the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre, Moore and his crew noticed millions of pieces of plastic surrounding his ship. Marine Debris No one knows how much debris makes up the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. The North Pacific Subtropical Gyre is too large for scientists to trawl . In addition, not all trash floats on the surface. Dense r debris can sink centimeters or even several meters beneath the surface, making the vortexs area nearly impossible to measure About 80% of the debris in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch comes from land-based activities in North America and Asia. Trash from the coast of North America takes about six years to reach the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, while trash from Japan and other Asian countries takes about a year. The remaining 20% of debris in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch comes from boaters, offshore oil rig s, and large cargo ships that dump or lose debris directly into the water. The majority of this debrisabout 79,000 tonsis fishing nets. More unusual items, such as computer monitors and LEGOs, come from dropped shipping containers. While many different types of trash enter the ocean, plastics make up the majority of marine debris for two reasons. First, plastics durability , low cost, and malleability mean that its being used in more and more consumer and industrial products. Second, plastic goods do not biodegrade but instead break down into smaller pieces. In the ocean, the sun breaks down these plastics into tinier and tinier pieces, a process known as photodegradation . Scientists have collected up to 750,000 bits of microplastic in a single square kilometer of the Great Pacific Garbage Patchthats about 1.9 million bits per square mile. Most of this debris comes from plastic bags, bottle caps, plastic water bottles, and Styrofoam cups. Marine debris can be very harmful to marine life in the gyre. For instance, loggerhead sea turtles often mistake plastic bags for jellies, their favorite food. Albatrosses mistake plastic resin pellet s for fish eggs and feed them to chicks, which die of starvation or rupture organ s. Seals and other marine mammal s are especially at risk. They can get entangle d in abandon ed plastic fishing nets, which are being discarded more often because of their low cost. Seals and other mammals often drown in these forgotten netsa phenomenon known as  ghost fishing . Marine debris can also disturb marine food web s in the North Pacific Subtropical Gyre. As microplastics and other trash collect on or near the surface of the ocean, they block sunlight from reaching plankton and algae below. Algae and plankton are the most common autotroph s, or producer s, in the marine food web. Autotrophs are organism s that can produce their own nutrient s from oxygen, carbon, and sunlight. If algae and plankton communities are threaten ed, the entire food web may change. Animals that feed on algae and plankton, such as fish and turtles, will have less food. If population s of those animals decrease , there will be less food for apex predator s such as tuna, sharks, and whales. Eventually, seafood becomes less available and more expensive for people. Patching Up the Patch Because the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is so far from any countrys coastline, no nation will take responsibility or provide the funding to clean it up. Charles Moore, the man who discovered the vortex, says cleaning up the garbage patch would  bankrupt any country that tried it. Many individuals and international organization s, however, are dedicated to preventing the patch from growing. Cleaning up marine debris is not as easy as it sounds. Many microplastics are the same size as small sea animals, so nets designed to scoop up trash would catch these creatures as well. Even if we could design nets that would just catch garbage, the size of the oceans makes this job far too time-consuming to consider. The National Ocean and Atmospheric Administrations Marine Debris Program has estimate d that it would take 67 ships one year to clean up less than one percent of the North Pacific Ocean. Many expedition s have travel ed through the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. Charles Moore, who discovered the patch in 1997, continues to raise awareness through his own environmental organization, the Algalita Marine Research Foundation. During a 2014 expedition, Moore and his team used aerial drone s, to assess from above the extent of the trash below. The drones determined that there is 100 times more plastic by weight than previous ly measured. The team also discovered more permanent plastic features, or islands, some over 15 meters (50 feet) in length. All the floating plastic in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch inspired National Geographic Emerging Explorer David de Rothschild and his team at Adventure Ecology to create a large catamaran made of plastic bottles: the Plastiki . The sturdiness of the Plastiki displayed the strength and durability of plastics, the creative ways that they can be repurposed, and the threat they pose to the environment when they dont decompose . In 2010, the crew successfully navigate d the Plastiki from San Francisco, California, to Sydney, Australia. <N> A "plastic soup" of waste floating in the Pacific Ocean is growing at an alarming rate and now covers an area twice the size of the continental United States, scientists have said. The vast expanse of debris  in effect the world's largest rubbish dump  is held in place by swirling underwater currents. This drifting "soup" stretches from about 500 nautical miles off the Californian coast, across the northern Pacific, past Hawaii and almost as far as Japan. Charles Moore, an American oceanographer who discovered the "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" or "trash vortex", believes that about 100 million tons of flotsam are circulating in the region. Marcus Eriksen, a research director of the US-based Algalita Marine Research Foundation, which Mr Moore founded, said yesterday: "The original idea that people had was that it was an island of plastic garbage that you could almost walk on. It is not quite like that. It is almost like a plastic soup. It is endless for an area that is maybe twice the size as continental United States." Curtis Ebbesmeyer, an oceanographer and leading authority on flotsam, has tracked the build-up of plastics in the seas for more than 15 years and compares the trash vortex to a living entity: "It moves around like a big animal without a leash." When that animal comes close to land, as it does at the Hawaiian archipelago, the results are dramatic. "The garbage patch barfs, and you get a beach covered with this confetti of plastic," he added. The "soup" is actually two linked areas, either side of the islands of Hawaii, known as the Western and Eastern Pacific Garbage Patches. About one-fifth of the junk  which includes everything from footballs and kayaks to Lego blocks and carrier bags  is thrown off ships or oil platforms. The rest comes from land. Mr Moore, a former sailor, came across the sea of waste by chance in 1997, while taking a short cut home from a Los Angeles to Hawaii yacht race. He had steered his craft into the "North Pacific gyre"  a vortex where the ocean circulates slowly because of little wind and extreme high pressure systems. Usually sailors avoid it. He was astonished to find himself surrounded by rubbish, day after day, thousands of miles from land. "Every time I came on deck, there was trash floating by," he said in an interview. "How could we have fouled such a huge area? How could this go on for a week?" Mr Moore, the heir to a family fortune from the oil industry, subsequently sold his business interests and became an environmental activist. He warned yesterday that unless consumers cut back on their use of disposable plastics, the plastic stew would double in size over the next decade. Professor David Karl, an oceanographer at the University of Hawaii, said more research was needed to establish the size and nature of the plastic soup but that there was "no reason to doubt" Algalita's findings. "After all, the plastic trash is going somewhere and it is about time we get a full accounting of the distribution of plastic in the marine ecosystem and especially its fate and impact on marine ecosystems." Professor Karl is co-ordinating an expedition with Algalita in search of the garbage patch later this year and believes the expanse of junk actually represents a new habitat. Historically, rubbish that ends up in oceanic gyres has biodegraded. But modern plastics are so durable that objects half-a-century old have been found in the north Pacific dump. "Every little piece of plastic manufactured in the past 50 years that made it into the ocean is still out there somewhere," said Tony Andrady, a chemist with the US-based Research Triangle Institute. Mr Moore said that because the sea of rubbish is translucent and lies just below the water's surface, it is not detectable in satellite photographs. "You only see it from the bows of ships," he said. According to the UN Environment Programme, plastic debris causes the deaths of more than a million seabirds every year, as well as more than 100,000 marine mammals. Syringes, cigarette lighters and toothbrushes have been found inside the stomachs of dead seabirds, which mistake them for food. Plastic is believed to constitute 90 per cent of all rubbish floating in the oceans. The UN Environment Programme estimated in 2006 that every square mile of ocean contains 46,000 pieces of floating plastic, Dr Eriksen said the slowly rotating mass of rubbish-laden water poses a risk to human health, too. Hundreds of millions of tiny plastic pellets, or nurdles  the raw materials for the plastic industry  are lost or spilled every year, working their way into the sea. These pollutants act as chemical sponges attracting man-made chemicals such as hydrocarbons and the pesticide DDT. They then enter the food chain. "What goes into the ocean goes into these animals and onto your dinner plate. It's that simple," said Dr Eriksen. <N> CORVALLIS, Ore. - There is a lot of plastic trash floating in the Pacific Ocean, but claims that the "Great Garbage Patch" between California and Japan is twice the size of Texas are grossly exaggerated, according to an analysis by an Oregon State University scientist. Further claims that the oceans are filled with more plastic than plankton, and that the patch has been growing tenfold each decade since the 1950s are equally misleading, pointed out Angelicque "Angel" White, an assistant professor of oceanography at Oregon State. "There is no doubt that the amount of plastic in the world's oceans is troubling, but this kind of exaggeration undermines the credibility of scientists," White said. "We have data that allow us to make reasonable estimates; we don't need the hyperbole. Given the observed concentration of plastic in the North Pacific, it is simply inaccurate to state that plastic outweighs plankton, or that we have observed an exponential increase in plastic." White has pored over published literature and participated in one of the few expeditions solely aimed at understanding the abundance of plastic debris and the associated impact of plastic on microbial communities. That expedition was part of research funded by the National Science Foundation through C-MORE, the Center for Microbial Oceanography: Research and Education. The studies have shown is that if you look at the actual area of the plastic itself, rather than the entire North Pacific subtropical gyre, the hypothetically "cohesive" plastic patch is actually less than 1 percent of the geographic size of Texas. "The amount of plastic out there isn't trivial," White said. "But using the highest concentrations ever reported by scientists produces a patch that is a small fraction of the state of Texas, not twice the size." Another way to look at it, White said, is to compare the amount of plastic found to the amount of water in which it was found. "If we were to filter the surface area of the ocean equivalent to a football field in waters having the highest concentration (of plastic) ever recorded," she said, "the amount of plastic recovered would not even extend to the 1-inch line." Recent research by scientists at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution found that the amount of plastic, at least in the Atlantic Ocean, hasn't increased since the mid-1980s - despite greater production and consumption of materials made from plastic, she pointed out. "Are we doing a better job of preventing plastics from getting into the ocean?" White said. "Is more plastic sinking out of the surface waters? Or is it being more efficiently broken down? We just don't know. But the data on hand simply do not suggest that 'plastic patches' have increased in size. This is certainly an unexpected conclusion, but it may in part reflect the high spatial and temporal variability of plastic concentrations in the ocean and the limited number of samples that have been collected." The hyperbole about plastic patches saturating the media rankles White, who says such exaggeration can drive a wedge between the public and the scientific community. One recent claim that the garbage patch is as deep as the Golden Gate Bridge is tall is completely unfounded, she said. "Most plastics either sink or float," White pointed out. "Plastic isn't likely to be evenly distributed through the top 100 feet of the water column." White says there is growing interest in removing plastic from the ocean, but such efforts will be costly, inefficient, and may have unforeseen consequences. It would be difficult, for example, to "corral" and remove plastic particles from ocean waters without inadvertently removing phytoplankton, zooplankton, and small surface-dwelling aquatic creatures. "These small organisms are the heartbeat of the ocean," she said. "They are the foundation of healthy ocean food chains and immensely more abundant than plastic debris." The relationship between microbes and plastic is what drew White and her C-MORE colleagues to their analysis in the first place. During a recent expedition, they discovered that photosynthetic microbes were thriving on many plastic particles, in essence confirming that plastic is prime real estate for certain microbes. White also noted that while plastic may be beneficial to some organisms, it can also be toxic. Specifically, it is well-known that plastic debris can adsorb toxins such as PCB. "On one hand, these plastics may help remove toxins from the water," she said. "On the other hand, these same toxin-laden particles may be ingested by fish and seabirds. Plastic clearly does not belong in the ocean." Among other findings, which White believes should be part of the public dialogue on ocean trash: Calculations show that the amount of energy it would take to remove plastics from the ocean is roughly 250 times the mass of the plastic itself; Plastic also covers the ocean floor, particularly offshore of large population centers. A recent survey from the state of California found that 3 percent of the southern California Bight's ocean floor was covered with plastic - roughly half the amount of ocean floor covered by lost fishing gear in the same location. But little, overall, is known about how much plastic has accumulated at the bottom of the ocean, and how far offshore this debris field extends; It is a common misperception that you can see or quantify plastic from space. There are no tropical plastic islands out there and, in fact, most of the plastic isn't even visible from the deck of a boat; There are areas of the ocean largely unpolluted by plastic. A recent trawl White conducted in a remote section of water between Easter Island and Chile pulled in no plastic at all. There are other issues with plastic, White said, including the possibility that floating debris may act as a vector for introducing invasive species into sensitive habitats. "If there is a takeaway message, it's that we should consider it good news that the 'garbage patch' doesn't seem to be as bad as advertised," White said, "but since it would be prohibitively costly to remove the plastic, we need to focus our efforts on preventing more trash from fouling our oceans in the first place." <N> Sampling From July 27th to September 19th 2015, a total of 652 surface net tows were carried out between 25N41N and 129156W by 18 participating vessels. In October 2016, we revisited our study area by conducting two flights with a Hercules C-130 aircraft that collected aerial imagery (n = 7,298 single-frame mosaics) to better quantify the larger and rarer >50 cm plastic objects (Fig. 1). Figure 1 Field monitoring effort. Vessel (grey and dark blue lines) and aircraft (light blue lines) tracks and locations where data on buoyant ocean plastic concentrations were collected (circles). Grey circles (n = 350) represent areas sampled with a single Manta net tow by 17 participating vessels, between July and September 2015. Dark blue circles (n = 76) represent areas sampled with paired Manta and paired Mega net tows by RV Ocean Starr, between July and August 2015. Light blue circles (n = 31) show locations of RGB geo-referenced mosaics collected from a C-130 Hercules aircraft, in October 2016. This map was created using QGIS version 2.18.1 (www.qgis.org). Full size image Vessels carried out net tows of 0.354 hours duration, while navigating at 0.76.8 knots. All trawls were designed to move away from the vessel to avoid wake effects on the capture efficiency of the devices. All vessel crews were trained with online material and one-to-one workshops that had been conducted prior to departure. While towing the trawl, the most experienced sailor aboard the vessel estimated the sea state (Beaufort scale) by measuring wind speeds and observing wave heights. This data was recorded in the standard datasheets provided, alongside the date, duration, as well as initial and final coordinates of each tow. The location and length of all net tows were confirmed during the post-processing phase by inspecting the position data from GPS trackers installed on all participating vessels. Most sampling stations encompassed a single net tow (n = 350 sampling stations) using a Manta trawl (0.5 mm square mesh, 90 cm  15 cm mouth), which is one of the standard devices for quantifying plastic pollution levels. With the largest participating vessel (RV Ocean Starr), we simultaneously towed two Manta trawls, alongside two large Neuston trawls (1.5 cm square mesh, 6 m  1.5 m mouth, of which 0.5 m above the water line; thereafter called Mega trawls) at every sampling location (n = 76 stations). After each Manta net tow, the net was rinsed from the outside with seawater, and its single-use cod-end removed, closed with staples and placed in an individual zip-lock bag. After each Mega trawl tow, the net was also rinsed from the outside with seawater and its large cod-end opened in a box filled with seawater. All buoyant plastics were then removed, wrapped in aluminium and placed in labelled plastic bags. The whole content captured by the Manta trawls was stored, while the organisms captured by the Mega trawls (mostly alive) were released back into the ocean. All samples were stored in a fridge or freezer while at-sea, and in a FedEx cool box (28 C) or reefer (2 C) while being shipped to the laboratory. Even though we were careful when handling samples, some debris items may have been broken during transportation, leading to some bias in our debris size distribution. Detailed information related to these net tows (i.e. coordinates, metocean conditions, sampling times and durations) is provided in Figshare33. The aerial surveys sampled a far greater area (311.0 km2) than the trawl surveys described above (3.9 km2 and 13.6 km2, for Manta and Mega net tows, respectively), thus yielding a more reliable quantification of debris larger than 50 cm, which are relatively rare. Both flights started and ended at Moffett Airfield near Mountain View, California. The first aerial survey was conducted on October 2nd 2016 sampling from 18:56 to 21:14 UTC time, at a constant latitude of 33.5N, and longitudes varying from 141.4W to 134.9W. The second survey started on October 6th 2016 sampling from 22:14 to 0:37 UTC, from 30.1N, 143.7W to 32.9N, 138.1W. While in survey mode, the aircraft flew at an altitude of approximately 400 m and at a ground speed of 140 knots. Sampling transects targeted areas where the sea state conditions were the lowest, based on the weather forecast, including sea surface atmospheric pressure, cloud cover, wind speed at 10 m above sea level and boundary surface layer height provided by NOAAs Global Forecasting System, as well as significant wave height and peak period data distributed by NOAAs WaveWatch3 model outputs. Even though we surveyed floating debris using trained observers and three types of sensor (Lidar, SWIR imager, and RGB camera), here we only analyse information coming from the geo-referenced mosaics produced by a RGB camera (CS-4800i) that generally took photographs every second during surveying time (frame size = ~360 m across track, ~240 m along track, ~0.1 m resolution). Trawl samples processing Trawl samples were separately washed into a sieve tower (five Glenammer Engineering Ltd sieves, with 0.05 cm, 0.15 cm, 0.5 cm, 1.5 cm, and 5 cm square apertures) that divided the material into the following size classes: 0.050.15 cm, 0.150.5 cm, 0.51.5 cm, 1.55 cm, and >5 cm. Debris items >5 cm were then manually sorted into 510 cm, 1050 cm, and >50 cm classes by measuring the object lengths (widest dimension of the object) with a ruler. Buoyant debris was separated from biomass by placing the material within each sieve in filtered saltwater (salinity 3.5%, temperature 1923 C). Lab personnel stirred the material many times to insure floating particles were detached from the biomass material. Floating objects identified as buoyant debris were manually extracted from the water surface using forceps, separated into types, and counted. Buoyant debris was classified into material type (plastic, glass, paraffin, tar, rubber, wood, pumice, seed or unknown), with plastics being further divided into the following categories: (1) H type  fragments and objects made of hard plastic, plastic sheet or film; (2) N type  plastic lines, ropes, and fishing nets; (3) P type  pre-production plastic pellets in the shape of a cylinder, disk or sphere; and (4) F type  fragments or objects made of foamed material (e.g. expanded polystyrene). Once counted and categorized, the pieces were washed with distilled water, transferred to aluminium dishes, dried overnight at 60 C, and weighed using an OHAUS Explorer EX324M (0.0001 g readability) for objects <5 cm, and a OHAUS Explorer EX12001M (0.1 g readability) for objects >5 cm. To best characterize the ocean plastic accumulating within the GPGP, we performed additional analyses with the material collected. Firstly, 10 pieces within each plastic size/type category (n = 220 pieces) were selected for polymer composition analysis by Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR). The readings were done using a Perkin Elmer Spectrum 100 FT-IR equipped with a universal ATR accessory (range = 6004000 cm1). The respective polymer type was determined by comparing sample FT-IR spectra against known spectra from a database (Perkin-Elmer ATR of Polymers Library). Secondly, we screened all plastic debris collected for production dates, as well as any writings statements giving information on its origin (i.e. language and made in statements). Lastly, we classified plastic items from H and L types collected at 30 RV Ocean Starr stations into object types (e.g. bottle lids, bags, bottles, etc). As H objects larger than 50 cm were relatively rare, we analysed 10 extra RV Ocean Starr stations for this type/size category. If the object type of a fragment could not be determined, we classified the piece as either hard plastic fragment or film fragment depending on its wall thickness and flexibility34. We used Manta trawl samples to characterise objects within size classes 0.150.5 cm, 0.51.5 cm, and 1.55 cm, and Mega trawl samples to characterise objects within size classes 510 cm, 1050 cm, and >50 cm. Plastics within our smallest size class (0.050.15 cm) were not considered in this Object Type analysis due to the difficulty of handling and identifying small fragments. The numerical/mass concentrations of buoyant plastic items (count/kg of plastic per km2 of sea surface) measured by each net tow were calculated for all plastic size/type categories separately. To do so, we divided the count and weight of plastic objects within each category by the towed area of the sample. We calculated the towed area by multiplying net mouth width (90 cm for Manta trawl, 6 m for Mega trawl) by tow length (determined from GPS position data). The average area covered by Manta net tows was 0.008 km2 (SD = 0.004, minmax: 0.0010.018 km2), while the average area covered by Mega net tows was 0.090 km2, (SD = 0.013, minmax: 0.0460.125 km2). As buoyant plastics can be missed by surface trawls due to wind-driven mixing, we then estimated the depth-integrated mass and numerical plastic concentrations (Ci) for all type/size categories at each of the trawl sampling locations using the equations described in ref.35. Supplementary Methods 1 provides details on how Ci was calculated as a function of ocean plastic terminal rising velocity (Wb), depth sampled by the trawl, and sea state. It also describes how we measured Wb for each of the type/size categories of this study. After comparing plastic concentration results obtained by paired Manta and Mega net tows (n = 76 locations), we decided to use Manta and Mega trawl samples to quantify debris 0.055 cm and 550 cm in size, respectively. The comparison results and reasoning behind such decision in provided in Supplementary Methods 2. Aerial imagery processing All RGB images taken during our survey flights (n = 7,298) were georeferenced using accurate aircraft position and altitude data collected during the surveys. They were then inspected by two trained observers and a detection algorithm. Observers inspected all images at full-screen on a Samsung HD monitor (LU28E590DS/XY) and those single-frame mosaics containing debris were uploaded into QGIS software (Version 2.18.3Las Palmas) to record their position and characteristics. We trust we had a very small number of false positives and a high number of false negatives. This is because the observers took a conservative approach: they only logged features as debris when they were very confident with its identification. As such, many features that could be debris, but resembled other natural features, such as sun glint and breaking wave, were not logged into our ocean plastic dataset. Once this work was finalised, we ran an experimental algorithm capable of detecting potential debris in all our RGB mosaics as a quality control step. To avoid any false positives, all features detected by the algorithm were also visually inspected by an observer and only those visually identified as debris were logged in our QGIS database. For every sighting, we recorded position (latitude, longitude), length (widest dimension of the object), width, and object type: (1) bundled net  a group of fishing nets bundled tightly together; they are commonly colourful and of a rounded shape; (2) loose net  a single fishing net; they were generally quite translucent and rectangular in shape; (3) container  rectangular and bright objects, such as fishing crates and drums; (4) rope  long cylindrical objects around 15 cm thick; (5) buoy/lid, rounded bright objects that could be either a large lid or a buoy; (6) unknown  objects that are clearly debris but whose object type was not identified, they were mostly irregular-shaped items resembling plastic fragments; and (7) Other  only one object was successfully identified but did not belong to any category above: a life ring. We recorded 1,595 debris items (403 and 1,192 in flights 1 and 2 respectively); 626 were 1050 cm and 969 were >50 cm in length. Most of them were classified as unknown (78% for 1050 cm, 32% for >50 cm), followed by buoy or lid (20%) and bundled net (1%) for 1050 cm debris, and by bundled net (29%), container (18%), buoy or lid (9%), rope (6%), and lose net (4%) for >50 cm debris. To calculate ocean plastic concentrations, we grouped the geo-referenced images into 31 ~10 km2 mosaics. For numerical concentrations, we simply divided the number of debris pieces 1050 cm and >50 cm within each mosaic by the area covered. To estimate mass concentrations, we had to first estimate the mass of each object spotted, then we separately summed the mass of 1050 cm and >50 cm debris within each mosaic by the area covered. More information on how we estimated the mass of each spotted objects is provided in Supplementary Methods 3. Numerical model formulation Ocean plastic pathways can be represented by Lagrangian particle trajectories31. In our framework, particles were advected by the following environmental drivers: sea surface currents, wave induced Stokes drift and winds. Starting from identical particle releases, we produced a series of forcing scenarios to represent the diversity in shape and composition of ocean plastics. Starting from using sea surface current only, we gradually added forcing terms representing the actions of atmospheric drag and wind waves on buoyant debris. The action of wind was simulated by considering the displacement of particles as a fraction of wind speed at 10 m above sea level. This is referred as the windage coefficient. We assessed different windage coefficient scenarios including 0%, 0.1%, 0.5%, 1%, 2% and 3%. We sourced global sea surface currents (1993 to 2012) from the HYCOM + NCODA global 1/12 reanalysis (experiment 19.0 and 19.136,37,38), and wind (10 m above sea level) speed and direction data (1993 to 2012) from NCEP/NCAR global reanalysis39. Wave induced Stokes drift amplitude was calculated using wave spectrum bulk coefficients (significant wave height, peak wave period and direction) from Wavewatch3 model outputs40. For every forcing scenario, particles were identically and continuously released in time from 1993 to 2012 following spatial distributions and amplitudes of significant ocean plastic sources on land (coastal population hotspots23 and major rivers24) as well as at sea (fishing26,41, aquaculture42 and shipping industries43). Source scenarios were combined using relative source contribution as well as geographical distribution presented in Supplementary Methods 4. We advected global particles in time using the forcing scenarios described above and successfully reproduced the formation of oceanic garbage patches, with the shape and gradient of particle concentrations in these areas differing amongst forcing scenarios. We computed daily particle visits over 0.2 resolution grids corresponding to our observation domain and extending from 160W to 120W in longitude and 20N to 45N in latitude. The number of daily particle visits was uniformized over the total number of particles present in the global model at a given time. The model-predicted non-dimensional concentration  i of cell i, was calculated as follows:  i =  s  s  i , s (1) where  s is the non-dimensional weight relative to the contribution of source s and  i,s is the percentage of global particles from source s in cell i.  i,s is calculated with the number of particles n i,s from source s in cell i over the total number of global particles  i n s from source s:  i , s = n i , s  i n s (2) Numerical model calibration We collected measurements at sea in 2015 and 2016, but our numerical model uses ocean circulation reanalysis covering the period from 1993 to 2012. Modelled ocean circulation data post-2012 is available from HYCOM however not as a reanalysis product. As such, we decided not to use it in this study. As initial model particles released in 1993 significantly start to accumulate in the area after about 7 years, we averaged uniformized daily particle visits over 12 years, from 2000 to 2012. We grouped observed debris size classes in four categories: microplastics (0.050.5 cm), mesoplastics (0.55 cm), macroplastics (550 cm) and megaplastics (>50 cm). We compared model predictions against depth-integrated microplastic concentrations as this dataset collected by Manta trawls had the largest spatial coverage. Mass concentrations derived from trawl measurements were grouped in 0.2-degree resolution cells and compared against model-predicted non-dimensional concentration  for the five different forcing scenarios. The best model fit was found for the forcing scenario with sea-surface current only (R2 = 0.52, n = 277 cells). The regression coefficient declined as we increased the atmospheric drag term (R2 = 0.39 to 0.21 depending on windage coefficient). As we analysed the accumulation of model particles in the GPGP region, we noticed significant seasonal and inter-annual variations of the GPGP position. The modelled GPGP dimensions was relatively consistent throughout our 12 years of analysis, but the relative position of this accumulation zone varied with years and seasons. We first decided to test our model for seasonal variation by comparing our microplastic concentrations (measured in July  September 2015) against modelled concentrations averages for the JulySeptember periods of 2000 to 2012. This comparison yielded poorer results (R2 = 0.46 to 0.21, depending on forcing scenario) than with the 12 years average solution (R2 = 0.52) as the JulySeptember GPGP position varied substantially among years. The relation between the accumulation of marine debris in the North Pacific and climate events such as El Nio Southern Oscillation (ENSO) and the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) has previously been discussed18. As such, to account for inter-annual variation, we compared latitudinal and longitudinal position of the GPGP against these two climate indexes: ENSO and PDO. We found that 2002 and 2004 were similar to the conditions experienced during our multi-vessel expedition. Thus, we compared our measurements against particle visit averages for JulySeptember of 2002 and 2004 combined. This second attempt exhibited better results (R2 = 0.58 to 0.41, depending on forcing scenario), suggesting that climatic events such as ENSO or PDO influence the average position of the GPGP. Therefore, we decided to use the JulySeptember average for 2002 and 2004, which better accounts for inter-annual variations in the GPGP position. More information on the selection of years for calibrating the model against trawl and aerial surveys data is provided in Supplementary Methods 5. The best fit between model predictions and microplastic observations was found once again for the forcing scenario with sea surface current only (R2 = 0.58, n = 277). The best regression fit between measured and modelled microplastic concentrations had a = 8.3068 and b = 0.6770 in the parametric formulation: c m o d = 10 log 10   a b (3) From this formulation, we computed the modelled microplastics mass concentration in our domain area and extracted contour levels by order of magnitude, from 0.01 g km2 to 10 kg km2. The GPGP as defined in this study corresponds to the 1 kg km2 microplastic mass concentration level covering an area of 1.6 million km2 and depicted as a bold line in Fig. 2a. As a validation, we categorized microplastics measurements inside and outside the 1 kg km2 contour line (Fig. 2b). For stations inside the model-predicted GPGP, the median measured microplastic concentration was 1.8 kg km2 (25th75th percentiles = 3.50.9 kg km2) while for stations outside, the median was 0.3 kg km2 (25th75th percentiles = 0.20.7 kg km2). Using our calibrated microplastics distribution, we computed the mass and numerical concentration for individual size classes from scaling modelled concentrations by the ratio between average modelled microplastics distribution inside the GPGP and averaged measured concentrations per size class of stations inside the patch. A comparison between measured and modelled mass/numerical concentrations for all ocean plastic size classes is given in Fig. 2c and d. Figure 2 Numerical model calibration. (a) The GPGP boundary (blue line) is estimated by comparing microplastic concentration measurements (circles) to model particle visit averages that accounted for seasonal and inter-annual variations. This map was created using QGIS version 2.18.1 (www.qgis.org). (b) Model validation showing median measured mass concentration for microplastics of stations outside and inside our predicted 1 kg km2 GPGP boundary. Bars extend from 25th to 75th percentile while whiskers extend to minimum and maximum non-outlier. Outliers are represented as crosses. (c) Measured mass concentrations versus modelled mass concentrations for microplastics, mesoplastics, macroplastics and megaplastics. (d) Same as (c) but with numerical concentrations. Full size image Our confidence intervals were formulated to account for uncertainties in both sampling and modelling. For the trawl collection (i.e. micro-, meso- and macroplastics), we considered uncertainties related to the vertical-mixing corrections applied to surface concentrations using reported sea state and plastics rising velocities (see Supplementary Methods 1). For the aerial mosaics, we accounted for uncertainties related to estimating the mass of sighted objects based on correlations between top-view area and dry weight of objects collected in the trawls (see Supplementary Methods 3). Finally, to account for modelling uncertainties, we added (respectively subtracted) the standard error of measured concentration to (resp. from) the mean upper (resp. lower) mass concentration when scaling the microplastics distribution to individual size classes. Characterisation by types, sources and forcing scenarios The total estimated mass load of ocean plastic in the GPGP by size classes were further divided by types. We calculated the average fraction in mass of individual ocean plastic types per sampling event for stations inside the patch (Supplementary Table 1) and derived the contribution of types H, N, F and P. Further, as we predominantly observed debris originated from marine sources, we investigated the source contribution predicted by our calibrated modelled distribution. For individual model cells, we calculated the percentage of Lagrangian particle visits from individual sources. As initial particles were weighted in accordance to estimated global inputs, model particles from marine sources originally represented 28.1% of the total amount of material with fishing (17.9%), aquaculture (1.3%) and shipping (8.9%). We calculated the difference from this initial percentage value for each model cell and reported it to the predicted total mass concentration. In doing so, we defined anomalies in marine source contribution in the North Pacific and expressed these in unit of mass per surface area. Finally, even though our calibrated model considered sea surface current only, we compared the predominance of forcing scenarios by evaluating the respective number of particle visits for each model cells. We computed contours around the GPGP for individual forcing scenarios in a way that the material contained inside each contour is equal to our initial forcing scenario (i.e. sea surface current only). The dependence of the particle trajectory on the windage coefficient predicted by our model is in good agreement with sightings and modelling of debris originated from the 2011 Tohoku tsunami in Japan44,45. The first identified Japanese debris items that arrived after 10 to 12 months on the North American shores were objects with high windage such as buoys, boats and floating docks. Debris also arrived on Hawaiian Islands 18 months after the incident. The time of arrival was closely related to object types, starting in the first year with large oyster farm buoys and other floats, containers, and canisters. In the second year more buoys, tipped boats, fridges, and pallets arrived, followed later by timber beams and wooden debris. Our model predicted that only objects with a windage coefficient above 3% could arrive on Hawaii in the second year after the 2011 tsunami. Objects with windage coefficient ranging from 1 to 2% would reach Hawaii during the third year, while objects with no windage would mostly accumulate in the GPGP, north east of the archipelago. Long term analysis The definition of a dynamic GPGP boundary that accounts for seasonal and inter-annual variabilities allowed us to estimate which sea surface trawl data points from the literature are inside or outside the GPGP region. Therefore, we used our calibrated model to assess the decadal evolution of microplastic mass concentrations (kg km2) within and around the GPGP. Concentration data from the literature (Supplementary Table 2) was obtained from published datasets or digitized from figures when not available digitally17,46,47. When data was reported in unit of mass per volume of water48, we used the net tow depth to calculate the concentration per surface area unit. When only numerical concentration was reported22,48, we estimated mass concentration by using the average ocean plastic mass from net tows where both mass and numerical concentrations were reported (m = 3.53 mg, SE: 0.10 mg, n = 872). We compared the model-predicted GPGP boundary with the locations of samples collected between 1999 and 201221,22,48,49. Samples collected before 199917,46,47,48 were compared against the GPGP position estimated for the sampled months and years in the 19992012 period that had similar ENSO and PDO values (See Supplementary Methods 6). Using our dynamic GPGP model boundary as reference, we classified each net tow into 3 categories: (1) sampled within the GPGP boundary, (2) sampled outside the GPGP boundary, but above 20N and below 45N and (3) sampled in the rest of the North Pacific. We only used net tows from the first two categories above so that concentration statistics for outside the patch were not biased by measurements taken in equatorial and polar waters, where concentrations were very low. We then grouped these microplastic concentration observations from plankton net trawls by decades, taking data recorded between 19651974 (n = 20 inside and n = 58 outside17,48), 19751984 (n = 0 inside and n = 19 outside46), 19851994 (n = 4 inside and n = 2 outside47), 19952004 (n = 2 inside and n = 252 outside22,49), 20052014 (n = 195 inside and n = 861 outside21,22,48) and finally 2015 (n = 288 inside and n = 213 outside; this study). We calculated the mean ( standard error) of measured microplastic mass concentration per decades for within and around the GPGP boundary. Finally, we extracted decadal trends by fitting an exponential function (R2 = 0.94) assuming null concentrations at the beginning of the 20th century. The exponential fit exhibited better results than linear, quadratic or cubic functions (R2 = 0.71, R2 = 0.86 and R2 = 0.91, respectively). <N> Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics. Caffeine content for coffee, tea, soda and more By Mayo Clinic Staff If you're like most adults, caffeine is a part of your daily routine. But do you know the caffeine content of your favorite drink? You may want to take a look at just how much caffeine you get in a typical day, especially if you're bothered by headaches, restlessness or anxiety. If your caffeine habit totals more than 400 milligrams (mg) a day, you may want to consider cutting back. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recommends that women who are pregnant and those who are breast-feeding check with their health care providers for advice concerning caffeine. The DGA doesn't include guidelines for safe caffeine consumption for children. However, the American Academy of Pediatrics takes the position that stimulant-containing energy drinks have no place in the diets of children or adolescents. Keep in mind that the actual caffeine content of a cup of coffee or tea can vary considerably because of factors such as origin, processing and preparation method, including brewing time. So use these numbers as a guide. The charts below show typical caffeine content in popular beverages. Drink sizes are in fluid ounces (oz.) and milliliters (mL). Caffeine is shown in milligrams (mg). Coffee drinks Size in oz. (mL) Caffeine (mg) Brewed 8 (237) 95-165 Brewed, decaf 8 (237) 2-5 Espresso 1 (30) 47-64 Espresso, decaf 1 (30) 0 Instant 8 (237) 63 Instant, decaf 8 (237) 2 Latte or mocha 8 (237) 63-126 Teas Size in oz. (mL) Caffeine (mg) Brewed black 8 (237) 25-48 Brewed black, decaf 8 (237) 2-5 Brewed green 8 (237) 25-29 Ready-to-drink, bottled 8 (237) 5-40 Sodas Size in oz. (mL) Caffeine (mg) Citrus (most brands) 8 (237) 0 Cola 8 (237) 24-46 Root beer (most brands) 8 (237) 0 Energy drinks Size in oz. (mL) Caffeine (mg) Energy drink 8 (237) 27-164 Energy shot 1 (30) 40-100 <N> A mother-of-four whose addiction to Red Bull saw her drinking 24 cans of a day claims she has been cured of her habit by hypnosis. Sarah Weatherill, 31, became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine. The law student spent a staggering 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009. Scroll down for video Sarah Weatherill, 31, was so addicted to Red Bull she drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic, depressed, suffering heart palpitations and constantly anxious Her habit was at its worst the following year when she was studying for a law degree and wanted to stay awake to revise for exams. She soon became dependent on the drink and couldn't get out of bed unless she knew she had some in the fridge. She also became lethargic, depressed, had heart palpitations and was constantly feeling anxious as her 105-a-week habit spiralled out of control. She finally decided to do something about the problem after she realised the constant need for the Red Bull was severely damaging her health. And after seeing hypnotherapist earlier this month, she claims she has been cured of her addiction thanks to just one 50-minute session. Her habit had been so dangerous she needed to cut down to eight cans a day in the run up to the hypnosis - as coming off so much caffeine abruptly could have caused a seizure. WHAT'S IN A CAN OF RED BULL? A 250ml can of Red Bull contains: 80mg of caffeine - the same amount as in an espresso. 27.5g sucrose and glucose combined - the equivalent of almost seven teaspoons of sugar. 10g Taurine (an amino acid that is thought to boost athletic performance). B vitamins. Ms Weatherill's 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92g of caffeine every day. A 2005 study into caffeine-related deaths said a person would need to ingest 5g to overdose, suggesting she was taking nearly half the potentially lethal dose. Ms Weatherill, from Coventry, said: 'I was studying for a Higher National Certificate in law in 2005 and used to have the odd Red Bull for a pick me up. 'It is hard to say when it became every day but I remember that by 2009 I was definitely hooked. 'Whenever I felt tired having a Red Bull would be the first thing I would do. 'It was worst in 2010 when I was doing law exams at university and my children were off school. 'Sometimes I would have exams day after day - and with the stress of revising I was having 24 cans a day. 'I was pulling all-nighters and using the drinks to stay awake. In the end, it got to the point where I just needed Red Bull to function. 'I used to get my shopping delivered and used to have four or five crates and that only lasted for a week - it got out of hand. 'There would be times when I would get palpitations and shakes but I think I just got used to the caffeine.' Red Bull - whose slogan says the drink 'gives you wings' - is made by an Austrian company and is the highest selling energy drink in the world. Miss Weatherill claims she was cured of her addiction in one 50 minutes hypnotherapy session with David Kilmurry (pictured right) This table shows a range of drinks in order of caffeine content and their relation to daily allowances. Ms Weatherill was drinking 1.92g of caffeine every day, way above the recommended limit of 400 mg The drink has been branded safe by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and more than five billion cans were sold in 2013. However, it has been criticised for its high caffeine levels with one 250ml can containing 80mg, similar to one cup of coffee. Ms Weatherill's 24-a-day habit meant she was drinking 1.92g of the drug every day. I was pulling all-nighters and using Red Bull to stay awake and it got to the point where I just needed it to function A 2005 study into caffeine-related deaths said a person would need to ingest 5g to overdose, suggesting she was taking nearly half of a lethal dose. But, incredibly, she claims she was completely cured of her addiction after a single session with cognitive behavioral hypnotherapist David Kilmurry on April 11. Ms Weatherill, who lives with boyfriend Phil Evans, 27, and four children aged between three and 14, added: 'I knew at the start of this year it was a dependency so thought I would give hypnotherapy a go. 'It was a weird process, I felt like I was in there for 15 minutes but it was 50 minutes. 'All I can remember is that it was like a kaleidoscope effect, I remember him saying I didn't need Red Bull.' 'I am convinced I won't have another can. I feel like a different person,' Ms Weatherill said after undergoing hypnotherapy to cure her of her energy drink habit She added: 'It was like a paralysis because I had an itch, but couldn't move to scratch it. 'It gave me a lot of strength because in the past I have tried to give up but lasted a week and then gone back to the Red Bull. 'I am convinced I won't have another can. I feel like a different person.' Hypnotherapist Mr Kilmurry added: 'Sarah's addiction was very serious. 'Coming off that amount of caffeine and taurine can lead to seizures, so she gradually reduced her intake before coming to me to make a safe escape. 'Energy drink addicts can also suffer insomnia, depression, anxiety and heart palpitations. <N> Chest Trauma Rib fractures & Flail Chest Chest wall injury is a extremely common following blunt trauma. It varies in severity from minor bruising or an isolated rib fracture to servere crush injuries of both hemithoraces leading to respiratory compromise. While many chest injuries will require no specific therapy, they may be indicators of more significant underlying trauma. Multiple rib fractures will often be associated with an underlying pulmonary contusion, which may not be immediately apparent on an initial chest X-ray. Fractures of the lower ribs may be associated with diaphragmatic tears and spleen or liver injuries. Injuries to upper ribs are less commonly associated with injuries to adjacent great vessels. This is especially true of a first rib fracture, which requires a significant amount of force to break and indicates a major energy transfer. A fracture of the first rib should prompt a careful search for other injuries. Note also that the rib cage and sternum provide a significant amount of stability to the thoracic spine. Severe disruption of this 'fourth column' may convert what would otherwise be a stable thoracic spine fracture into an unstable one. Flail Chest A flail chest occurs when a segment of the thoracic cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall. This is usually defined as at least two fractures per rib (producing a free segment), in at least two ribs. A segment of the chest wall that is flail is unable to contribute to lung expansion. Large flail segments will involve a much greater proportion of the chest wall and may extend bilaterally or involve the sternum. In these cases the disruption of normal pulmonary mechanics may be large enough to require mechanical ventilation. R flail chest Video The main significance of a flail chest however is that it indicates the presence of an underlying pulmonary contusion. In most cases it is the severity and extent of the lung injury that determines the clinical course and requirement for mechanical ventilation. Thus the management of flail chest consists of standard management of the rib fractures and of the pulmonay contusions underneath. Diagnosis Most significant chest wall injuries will be identified by physical examination. Bruising, grazes or seat-belt signs are visible on inspection, and palpation may reveal the crepitus associated with broken ribs. Awake patients will complain of pain on palpation of the chest wall or on inspiration. A flail chest is identified as paradoxical movement of a segment of the chest wall - ie indrawing on inspiration and moving outwards on expiration. This is often better appreciated by palpation than by inspection. Chest X-ray The antero-posterior chest radiograph will identify most significant chest wall injuries, but will not identify all rib fractures. Lateral or anterior rib fractures will often be missed on the initial plain film. However, since the management of rib fractures is determined by their clinical significance rather than by their number or position, dedicated rib views are never indicated. For adult blunt trauma patients, a haemothorax, pneumothorax or pulmonary contusion seen on chest X-ray will almost always be associated with a rib fractures, whether or not identified clinically or by X-ray. In paediatric patients the ribs are more pliable and less likely to fracture, although there will still be significant contusion of chest wall structures. R flail segment L rib fractures R flail segment close-up Computed Tomography Computed tomography provides very little further clinical information and is not indicated for the initial evaluation of chest wall injuries. CHEST TRAUMA INITIAL EVALUATION PNEUMOTHORAX TENSION PNEUMO OPEN PNEUMO HAEMOTHORAX CONTUSION RIB FRACTURE / FLAIL AORTIC INJURY CHEST DRAINS CHEST WALL INJURY PRIMARY SURVEY AIRWAY BREATHING CIRCULATION DISABILITY EXPOSURE ADJUNCTS CXR SECONDARY SURVEY R chest injury clinical deformity R chest injury R rib fractures Management Management of chest wall injury is directed towards protecting the underlying lung and allowing adequate oxygenation, ventilation and pulmonary toilet. This strategy is aimed at preventing the development of pneumonia, which is the most common complication of chest wall injury. Note that while a young fit patient will easily manage one or two rib fractures with simple analgesia, the same injury in an elderly patient is regarded as major and will frequently lead to pneumonia and respiratory failure if not appropriately managed (and even then). All patients should initially be placed on 100% oxygen via a non-rebreathing facemask. Analgesia Analgesia is the mainstay of therapy for rib fractures. While strapping the chest to splint rib fractures may seem like a good idea, it impedes chest wall movement and prevents adequate inspiration and clearance of secretions. Opioid analgesics are useful, but when used as the sole analgesic agent may require such high doses that they produce respiratory depression - especially in the elderly. Patient controlled administration of an opioid infusion (PCA) is the best method for cooperative patients. The addition of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent may provide adequate relief, but these should be withheld until other injuries have been excluded (eg. traumatic brain injury) and used with caution in the elderly. Undoubtedly the best analgesia for a severe chest wall injury is a continuous epidural infusion of a local anaesthetic agent (+/- an opioid). This provides complete analgesia allowing normal inspiration and coughing without the risks of respiratory depression. Epidurals may be placed in the thoracic or high-lumbar positions. Other methods of local anaesthetic administration are available, but are poor in comparison to an epidural. For one or two isolated rib fractures, posterior rib blocks may be appropriate. Local anaesthetic is infiltrated around the intercostal nerve posteriorly. These blocks will last 4-24 hours and will then have to be repeated. Where a chest tube is present, some practitioners advocate instilling a local anaesthetic solution into the pleural splace. However the volume needed is large, the results very variable, and local anaesthetic toxicity due to rapid pleural absorbtion a possibility. Intubation & Ventilation Intubation and mechanical ventilation is rarely indicated for chest wall injury alone. Where ventilation is necessary it is usually for hypoxia due to underlying pulmonary contusions. Positive pressure ventilation may be required for severe chest wall instability resulting in inadequate spontaneous ventilation. Intubation and ventilation may be required when anaesthesia is necessary to provide immediate and adequate analgesia and allow further assessment and management. Ventilation is usually necessary only until the resolution of the pulmonary contusion. Healing and stabilisation of rib fractures is rarely the limiting step in weaning from mechanical ventilation, except in the most severe chest injuries. Chest tube insertion Patients with rib fractures who receive positive pressure ventilation are at an increased risk of developing a pneumothorax or tension pneumothorax due to laceration of the lung by the sharp fracture end. Many authors recommend placement of a prophylactic chest tube for all patients with rib fractures who receive mechanical ventilation. This practice varies depending on the presence of other injuries, monitoring environent and available resources. For example, the patient with isolated chest injuries with continuous cardiorepiratory monitoring in an intensive care unit can probably be observed without a chest tube. In contrast, in a patient anaesthetised for prolonged surgery, placement of a prophylactic chst tube may be more appropriate. Especially where the signs of a tension pneumothorax may be mistaken for signs of haemorrhagic shock. Rib fracture fixation The popularity of rib fracture fixation has waxed and waned over the past 5 decades. External fixation and stabilisation was common for large chest wall injuries prior to the development of tracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation. External stabilisation c1960 External stabilisation c1960 Positive pressure ventilation essentially provides an 'internal stabilisation' to the thoracic cage as well as improving oxygenation and ventilation for the management of pulmonary contusion. Hence it has essentially replaced fracture fixation over the past twenty years. In the last few years however a few studies have suggested that some groups of patients (as yet unidentified) may benefit from early fracture fixation, allowing earlier weaning from mechanical ventilation and reducing acute complications and chronic chest wall pain. Complications R chest injury positive pressure ventilation operative stabilisation post-op X-ray References Rib fractures Ziegler DW, Agarwal NN. 'The morbidity & mortality of rib fractures.' J Trauma 1994;37:975 Dubinsky I, Low A. 'Non-life-threatening blunt chest trauma: appropriate investigation and treatment.' Am J Emerg Med 1997;15:240 Lee RB, Bass SM, Morris JA jr et al. 'Three or more rib fractures as an indicator for transfer to a level 1 trauma center: a population-based study.' J Trauma 1990;30:689 Flail Chest Clark GC, Schecter WP, Trunkey DD. 'Variables affecting outcome in blunt chest trauma: Flail chest vs. pulmonary contusion.' J trauma 1990;30:93 Freedland M, Wilson RF, Bender JS. 'The management of flail chest injury: Factors affecting outcome.' J Trauma 1990;30:1460 Pelosi P, Cereda M, Foti G. 'Alterations of lung and chest wall mechanics in patients with acute lung injury: effects of positive end-expiratory pressure.' Am J Resp Crit Care Med 1995;152:531 Craven KD, Oppenheimer L, Wood LD. 'Effects of contusion and flail chest on pulmonary perfusion and oxygen exchange.' J Appl Physiol 1979;47:729 Landercasper J, Cogbill T, Lindesmith L. 'Long-term disability after flail chest injury.' J Trauma 1984;24:410 Analgesia Hedderich R, Ness T. 'Analgesia for trauma and burns.' Crit Care Clin 1999;15:167 Desai P. 'Pain management & pulmonary dysfunction.'. Cri Care Clin 1999;15:151 Mackersie RC, Shackford SR, Hoyt DB et al. 'Continouous fentanyl analgesia: ventilatory function improvement with routine use in treatment of blunt chest injury.' J Trauma 1987;27:1207 Rib fracture fixation Tanaka H, Yukioka T, Yamaguti Y et al. 'Surgical stabilization of internal pneumatic stabilization? A prospective randomized study of management of severe flail chest patients.' J Trauma 2002;52:727 Ahmed Z, Mohyuddin Z. 'Management of flail chest injury: internal fixation versus endotracheal intubation and ventilation.' J Thorac Cardiovasc Surg 1995;110:1676 Voggenreiter G, Neudeck F, Aufm'Kolk M et al. 'Operative chest wall stabilization in flail chest - outcomes of patients with and without pulmonary contusion.' J Am Coll Surg 1998;130:187 CHEST TRAUMA INITIAL EVALUATION PNEUMOTHORAX TENSION PNEUMO OPEN PNEUMO HAEMOTHORAX CONTUSION RIB FRACTURE / FLAIL AORTIC INJURY CHEST DRAINS trauma.org 9:2, February 2004 <N> Politicians love dead soldiers. I mean they are the kind politicians love the best. They love them best of all when they were safely planted in the ground before the politician was elected, that way the Right Honourable Minister or can claim the glory for an action they were never part of, without having to worry about the price some other official had to answer for already. They never miss the chance to appear at fifty year old graves. As much as they love the dead, the fear the wounded. They will show up and smile while other, better men and women salute the dead, they will smile and know the position of every camera as they stand posed beside whatever relative they could dig up for the photo op. They run with hands, briefcases, and folders in front of their faces when wounded soldiers families seek the Ministers ear about their duty to the living. There was a time we in this country could stand proud of how we cared for those who risked their lives for their nation, and came back wounded, and frequently short a limb or two. Those days are past. With our new Veterans Charter, we guarantee that we are done paying for our soldiers the second we shuffle them out the door. One time lump sum, and dont ask to relocate because we stopped covering that when you stopped being useful to us. If your home was not chosen with the understanding you would be handicapped, well too bad, if only you would have known which limbs you were going to lose, you would have been better positioned for your new life. (_LINKS_ Funny thing about the kind of soldiers that get combat injuries, they are not the fraction that know how to quit, that have any give in them. They are the kind of human beings you pretty much have to kill or they will get up the next day and soldier on. They are, frankly, the best of us. Mcpl Paul Franklin (left) Politicians do not like to see Cadpat (Canadian camouflage) on pinned limbless sleeves or prosthetic limbs, even though the CF has worked hard through its rehab center in the University of Alberta at Edmonton and in partnership with the US through facilities such as Walter Reed Hospital to ensure that such soldiers have every chance to return to as high a function as possible through the same sort of punishing training regimens they followed to prepare for war. Major Mark Campbell Soldiers wear their scars with pride, because they are the signs of battles won. Not the battle on the field, that one belongs to the person you were before, but the thousands of little battles to win back ground that you lost, and to master new skills, new disciplines to gain ground you will need to carry on. These fights are won with pride, with iron discipline, and with the heavy baggage of pain, fear, and the very real burden of our shame culture. (_LINKS_ We, as a society, are shamed by scars. They threaten our sense of self, our sense of safety. We do not know how to handle people who bear their scars not with shame, but with pride, for it calls into question, deep inside ourselves, if they are not ashamed of their scars, should we then be ashamed of our fear of those same scars? The answer of course is yes. To be afraid of those scars, and to try to shame the people with them into giving up and getting out of uniform, getting out of the public eye, and letting us stop thinking about the ugly reality of war, and get back to the romantic fantasy the politicians sell so successfully, is nothing less than moral cowardice in our society, in our media, and most assuredly, in our government. We wish to force these brave men and women out as unfit, when these same men and women are climbing mount Kilimonjaro, some literally without a leg of flesh to stand on, as a personal test to show they have conquered their wounds, and reclaimed their power. That is the heart of a warrior, that is the steel of a soldier, that is the soul of a people. That is somehow not good enough, they are an unsightly reminder of the cost of doing business. The dead are safe and distant, they do not walk, or talk, or join you in the coffee lineup. They do not show up at Parent Teacher interviews, or pick up their kids after school. The dead we remember once a year, but not unexpectedly, only in the safe place or through the TV screen, we dont round the corner and find them at dropping off mail in your inbox at the office. But the scarred, the dismembered but unbowed do. They challenge us by their courage, they shame us by their service, and we punish them for it. Strong beautiful women are told they should cover up their prosthetic, men who walk their kid to school on limbs of titanium are treated as freaks and disturbances rather than heroes. This was not always so. Our gods long ago enshrined sacrifice as holy, as worthy, and as powerful. Our gods bore their scars with arrogance, as glory tokens, as do our wounded now. Odin gave up an eye for knowledge and hides it not. Bare scar or black patch, he is ever and always depicted with the scars of his sacrifice proudly displayed, for he is the Victory Father, and this is what victory looks like. Tyr gave his sword arm to Fenris Wolf to save the people of this world, even at the cost of his battle ability. His stump is proudly displayed, and indeed the empty glove is often used as his token in our rites, for his sacrifice is his proof that his commitment to his folk was not empty. Empty sleeve, not empty words is his sign an truth. These are gods, one of them the foremost magician in any age. Could they not have crafted some wonder to hide their disfigurement? Of course they could, they had tokens of magic and wonder aplenty, and shape shifting was a gift possessed by Odin at least. They did not. I dont think our ancestors ever wondered why, nor could they fathom our fear of scars. To look upon the scars of a woman, and see her head high and proud, her laugh loud and joyous and know your folk are strong still. Look upon men who have given their very limbs to the service of their country and ask only to continue in that service, who literally climb mountains to prove their continued commitment to that purity of purpose and know your folk are unconquerable. I get mad when others see such beauty as displayed by the power, the will, and the courage to soldier on that these brave men and women display is treated as shameful because other, lesser men and women, are disturbed by the sight. I admit, when others seek to force out, or shame these amazing individuals because sight of their wounds bothers them, the urge to slap the fecal matter out from where they ought to have stored their common sense, common courtesy, and understanding of worth comes upon me strongly. Scars are victory tokens, they are worn by the survivors. Scars of service are the grave goods by which your ancestors will know the tales of your service and the strength of their blood. Wear them with pride, and make the cowards choke on it. Advertisements <N> A controversial UK TV programme featuring a Chinese artist apparently eating a stillborn baby has received a number of complaints from viewers. About 15 viewers called in to complain following the transmission on Thursday night, while 50 others had already contacted Channel 4 to register their disgust before it was even aired. Conservative MP Ann Widdecombe was one of those who had condemned the Beijing Swings documentary, which featured extreme art in China, as "hideous" before it was shown. An estimated 900,000 tuned in to see the documentary, which went out at 2300 GMT on Thursday. It was beaten in the ratings by the 1997 movie Beverly Hills Cop II, which attracted 3.4 million viewers. Beijing Swings featured footage of a man drinking wine that had an amputated penis added to it, as part of an investigation into extreme practices in China. Cannibalism The documentary also included stills of artist Zhu Yu biting into the body of a stillborn baby. A Channel 4 spokesman said that while it takes all comments and complaints seriously, it stands by its decision to broadcast the programme. The artist, Zhu Yu, was quoted as saying: "No religion forbids cannibalism. "Nor can I find any law which prevents us from eating people. I took advantage of the space between morality and the law and based my work on it." Mr Yu, who is a Christian, claims religion plays a major role in his work. But before seeing the show, Ms Widdecombe said: "This programme sounds hideous." The documentary's presenter, Sunday Times art critic Waldemar Januszczak, defended the documentary on BBC Radio 4's Today programme. 'Deluded' While he did not defend Mr Yu's practice, he said: "It is worth trying to understand why China is producing the most outrageous, the darkest art, of anywhere in the world." The Chinese embassy in London also reportedly also condemned the programme. Mr Yu's performance show, Eating People, was originally shown in 2000. It has been shown at the Third Shanghai Biennale in China. Mr Yu's work is part of a wave of extreme art that has swept contemporary Chinese artistic circles. The ministry of culture cracked down on what it termed "shock art" after the country was announced as the host to hold the 2008 Olympics. <N> iron-gall ink: An indelible ink used for writing and drawing. Iron-gall inks came into widespread use by the 9th century; by the 11th century, they had largely replaced carbon inks as a writing medium. Iron-gall inks are acidic and can cause the underlying paper to deteriorate. They are black when fresh, but the acidic reaction with paper can turn the ink brown over time. {saa} & Come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full Of direst cruelty! Make thick my blood, Stop up the access and passage to remorse That no compunctious visitings of nature Shake my fell purpose nor keep peace between The effect and it! Come to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers... -- Lady Macbeth, Macbeth, I.v <N> 2nd Brigade Combat Team Soldiers Return To Ft. Carson After 1 Year In Iraq Kendra Kaplan, 5 months pregnant, watches as her husband SSG Joshua Kaplan and fellow U.S. Army soldiers arrive on August 18, 2009 in Fort Carson, Colorado. She had brought a sealed envelope with an ultrasound, so that they could learn the baby's gender together upon Joshua's arrival. The Kaplans will be having a baby boy, concieved during Joshua's mid-term leave in March. Approximately 575 soldiers from the 2nd Brigade Combat team from the 4th Infantry Division returned Tuesday following a 12 month deployment to Iraq. At lower left is their son Ayden, 3. <N> The USS QUAPAW ATF 110 ( Auxiliary Tug Fleet ) was built by the United Engineering Company of Alameda, California, her keel being laid on 28 December 1942, launched on 15 May 1943, sponsored by Mrs. N.Lehman, and commissioned on 6 May, 1944, Lt. Comdr. N.H. Castle in command. On 15 May 1944 after shakedown cruises and training she steamed for San Francisco out of San Pedro and San Diego through 10 June. She departed San Francisco 21 June enroute the Admiralty Islands. After calling at Honolulu, where she delivered an army barge, a dump scow, and a derrick, she steamed 12 July via the Ellis Islands and Milne Bay, New Guiana, arriving Manus, Admiralty Islands 14 August. Following several harbor tow assignments, she departed 17 August with a deck cargo of 7,500 bbls. of aviation gasoline and 49 motor torpedo boat engines, and with a gasoline barge in tow. These she delivered to Mics Woendi lagoon, whence she steamed to Maffin Bay where she received orders to stand by in preparation for the landings on Morotai Island. With a convoy of liberty ships, minesweepers, and landing craft, together with screening destroyers, QUAPAW entered Morotai Harbor the morning of 16 September 1944. She remained through 1 October, primarily engaged in retracting LSTs from the beach of Pitoe Bay. From 20 October 1944 through 1 January 1945, QUAPAW was operating in San Pedro Bay in support of the Layte operation. Her assignments entailed salvage, firefighting, and towing operations. Landings were made at Liagayen 9 January 1945 and QUAPAW was assigned patrol of both attack areas to render all necessary assistance. She retracted landing craft, made repairs and conducted towing operations until 21 February. She then steamed to Mindoro. She departed Mangarin Bay 26 February as a unit of Admiral W.M. Fechtelers TG 78.2 enroute Puarto Princesa, Palawan, for initial assaults against that island. Enroute QUAPAW took LCI-683 in tow when the latter was unable to maintain convoy speed. The landing forces went ashore 28 February and QUAPAW retracted landing craft from the beaches east of Puarto Princesa and in the vicinity of the city jetty. She returned to Mangarin Bay, 5 March. From 8 through 25 March QUAPAW participated in salvage and demolition work, assisted in clearing harbor wreckage with intervening repair and towing missions at Zamboanga, Minddanac. Further salvage, tow, and repair missions proceeded overhaul at Hollandin, New Guinea, commencing 29 May. The tug departed 25 June for Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides, from where she steamed 6 July with one section of a battleship dry-dock in tow for Samar, P.I.. With the end of hostilities she continued towing services between various ports of the Philippines, with frequent service to Manus and back through 25 April 1945. QUAPAW departed Subic Bay for the United States 16 June 1946 arriving San Francisco, CA 14 July. After overhaul at Mare Island Naval Shipyards, continued coastal and transpacific towing operations until 21 December 1947. The QUAPAW was placed in inactive status at San Francisco until 30 April 1948 when she was placed out of commission, in reserve. QUAPAW was recommissioned 5 December 1950 at Alameda, Calf. Lt. Fleming M. Christinan in command. After refresher training out of San Diego through January 1951 , she steamed via Bremerton , Wash. with a barracks ship in tow for Pearl Harbor. Arriving 14 February 1951, she commenced operations under Commander Service Force, Pacific. The QUAPAW provided service at Inchon, Korea 30 April through 17 July 1951, and at Wonsan 19 July through 3 August. Towing service at Sasebo and Yokosuka, Japan were interrupted by patrol duty at Wonsan, Korea 26 October through 20 November, and by operation in the area of Cho Do and Taechong Do, Korea 17 January through 14 February 1953. QUAPAW also conducted patrols in Korean waters in March and April 1953. The QUAPAW received four battle stars for World War II and five battle stars for the Korean conflict. <N> The coconut crab is almost entirely terrestrial and has adapted so well to living on land that it actually drowns in water (2). That said, it does still breathe through modified gills. The gills are surrounded by spongy tissues which need to be kept moist. The coconut crab does this by dipping its legs into water and passing them over the gills. The crab does require some contact with the sea as it often drinks the water to maintain its salt balance, and females need to return to sea to release eggs (2). By day the coconut crab inhabits burrows where it is protected from desiccation and intruders, and by night it goes in search of food. As its name suggests this crab feeds on coconuts, and is actually able to climb coconut palms, where it is thought to pinch off coconuts with its powerful claws when coconuts are not already available on the ground. If the coconut does not break open on its fall, the crab husks the coconuts by pulling back the husk from the end that was formerly attached to the palm, and evidence indicates that they then pierce the "soft eye" with a pointed walking leg, before gradually enlarging the hole by breaking off sections of the shell until they can reach in to scoop out the flesh (4) (5). This crab feeds on more than just coconuts, however, and will scavenge for anything organic from fruit to leaves (6). It also feeds on the moulted exoskeletons of other crustacean species, which are thought to provide calcium for its own carapace growth (2). Courtship in most hermit crabs is a prolonged experience, but between coconut crabs it is quick, simple and infrequent. Mating occurs on land and the female carries the fertilised eggs beneath her abdomen, held in place by three specialised appendages. When the eggs are ready for hatching, the female walks down to the edge of the sea during high tide and releases the larvae (2). The larvae are pelagic and remain floating in the sea for up to 28 days while they develop. This is followed by an amphibious stage of 21 to 28 days when the young crabs occupy gastropod shells and are able to migrate on to the land (2). This shell-living habit serves to protect the juveniles from desiccation and predation during this early and vulnerable life stage (8). When they are two to three years old, and still less than two centimetres long, they abandon the shell, harden their skin, and transform into a miniature of the adult coconut crab, with a thoracic length of just five to ten millimetres (4) (9). Their exoskeleton is moulted regularly to allow the crab continuous growth (2). Moulting occurs in the safety of a burrow and takes around 30 days, after which the crab eats the cast-off exoskeleton. These crabs are slow growing, (8), and there is good evidence that they live to be more than 40 years, after which they don't increase in size, although they might live for many more years (4). <N> Its hard to go wrong with a hermit crab as your childs first pet. Theyre low maintenance and kinda cute in their own way, plus theyre hypoallergenic, as PetSmart feels the need to point out. But use care when choosing your crab. Whatever you do, dont pick up Birgus latro, which can grow to a leg span of 3 feet, climb out of your terrarium, and assault the family cat. Birgus latro is more commonly known as the coconut crab, and it's the largest terrestrial arthropod in the world (the largest overall being the Japanese spider crab  but that's a story for another week). Also known as the robber crab due to its curious propensity for stealing silverware and pots and pans, its the 9-pound hermit crab PetSmart wouldnt dare carry, no matter how conveniently hypoallergenic it is. The coconut crab is endemic to a variety of islands in the Pacific and Indian oceans, though its populations are extremely threatened on some of these thanks to, you guessed it, human tomfoolery. It grows remarkably slowly, taking perhaps 120 years to reach full size, said ecologist Michelle Drew of the Max Planck Institute. As an arthropod, the coconut crab wears its skeleton on the outside and must shed it as it grows, so once a year it crawls into the safety of a burrow and molts. Its highly vulnerable once it steps out of this rigid shell, so to hasten the development of new armor it ... consumes its old exoskeleton. It is, in effect, recycling the materials, which are in short supply in its terrestrial environment. Coconut crabs that are disturbed before they have consumed the entire shell often have soft exoskeletons until they have time to reaccumulate the necessary calcium and other minerals, Drew said in an email to WIRED. The crab can grow and molt every year like this for more a century, expanding and expanding like a dying star with claws until it threatens to infringe on the very laws of physics. Image: Wikimedia In a water environment you get support from the water that allows you to move with a much heavier shell, said Drew. But on land, gravity will play a huge role on how you can move and how heavy you can get. [Coconut crabs] are probably at the limits of what is sustainable given gravity, the weight of the shell, and resources available to them in terms of food and water. Feeding this incredible growth is no small task, so the coconut crab eats anything it can get its claws on. Itll go after fruit, vegetation, and carrion: dead birds and other coconut crabs and such. It has been observed hunting other crabs, and Drew has records of them ambushing young chickens as well as  dont hate me for this  kittens, like a far less cuddly Alf of the tropics. But what it really loves are, of course, coconuts. Now, contrary to what Harry Nilsson sang in his 1971 hit Coconut, one does not simply put the lime in the coconut and drink 'em both up. Coconuts are extremely difficult to open. But as you may have noticed, the coconut crab is equipped with massive pincers. (One of Drew's friends had one clamp down on his thumb, which lost feeling for three months. She stresses, though, that the coconut crab is in fact quite gentle unless threatened.) They use their claws to pull away the outer fibers, said Drew. This can sometimes take many days and it often involves a number of crabs. They then use their longest walking leg to puncture a hole through the eyes of the coconut and then they can use their claws to pry open the shell further. That may sound like more trouble than its worth, but the average mass of crabs living in coconut-rich habitats is double that of their counterparts living in coconut-free habitats, suggesting they extract a whole lot of calories from the things. It also suggests coconut crabs are among the few creatures on this planet besides my father that would actually enjoy a Mounds bar. Coconut crabs come in all manner of colors. This one is a lovely burnt sienna. Image: Michelle Drew, Max Planck Institute The coconut crab finds food with its extremely well-developed sense of smell. Like an insect, it uses antennae to zero in on its vittles, but takes this to an extreme by devoting considerable brainpower to the sense. The neural (brain) development associated with this is massive compared to other crab species, said Drew, and has similarities with insect olfactory development, and is a very good example of convergent evolution associated with a land-based adaptation  convergent evolution occurring when unrelated species arrive independently at the same adaptation. Despite its rightful place as the world's largest terrestrial arthropod, coconut crabs begin their lives in the sea. After mating on terra firma, mom releases her fertilized eggs in the ocean, where the larvae swim about for a month. They then enter whats known as the glaucothoe stage and find a snail shell to occupy. At this point the coconut crab is in essence much like the hermit crab youd buy at the pet store. But whereas commercialized crabs live out their days in a shell, forever battling for the choicest homes, the coconut crab eventually leaves that whole keeping-up-with-the-Joneses silliness behind, developing a hard belly and making its way inland. Once its gone fully terrestrial, a coconut crab never returns to the sea except to release its eggs. They'll drown if fully submerged. Despite its freakish size, massive pincers and formidable armor, the coconut crab increasingly finds itself in peril. They have for millions of years lived on islands with no large mammalian predators, allowing them to reach such incredible proportions. This is changing as human encroachment has thrown their food chains into chaos. This is why they are disappearing throughout their range, said Drew. Most of the islands they live on now have things like pigs, dogs, and humans," all of which will eat them. Finding truly massive coconut crabs is thus becoming rarer. They simply cant survive long enough to grow to their full potential. So as much as you might love to grab one so your kid can shame all their classmates during show-and-tell, please do not disturb this remarkable gentle giant. Mother Nature, and your cat, will thank you. Browse the full Absurd Creature of the Week archive here. Have an animal you want me to write about? Email _EMAIL_ or ping me on Twitter at @mrMattSimon. References: Drew, M., et al. (2010) A review of the biology and ecology of the robber crab, Birgus latro. Zoologischer Anzeiger. 2010.03.001 Drew, M., et al. (2013) Factors influencing growth of giant terrestrial robber crab Birgus latro on Christmas Island. Aquatic Biology. 19:129-141 <N> Vashon Island, Washington: Bicycle Eaten by Tree Voracious fir tree has slowly absorbed a bicycle leaned against it. Local sheriff Don Puz says it was his bike, and he abandoned it in 1954 or 1955 -- but no one really knows. Voracious fir tree has slowly absorbed a bicycle leaned against it. Local sheriff Don Puz says it was his bike, and he abandoned it in 1954 or 1955 -- but no one really knows. Results 1 to 5 of 11... Page of 3 [Next 5 items] Visitor Tips and News About Bicycle Eaten by Tree Reports and tips from RoadsideAmerica.com visitors and Roadside America mobile tipsters. Some tips may not be verified. Submit your own tip. Bicycle Eaten by a Tree Not much left of the bicycle that Don Puz left next to a tree back in 1954, though it's still fun to search out and see. Vandals stole a lot of it, but the locals love the attention given to the bicycle and have vowed to get vintage parts and have them installed on the skeleton of what's left. Bicycle Eaten by Tree Morons from the Year 2014 have stripped the bicycle to a few barely visible parts, inflicting far more damage in one year than the tree has in a half-century. The local Chamber of Commerce and business owners have vowed to find vintage bicycle parts to replace those that have literally been ripped off. They are also considering building a fence so that visitors can no longer get close enough to the bicycle to destroy it. Bicycle Eaten by Tree Look for the wooden bridge at north end of the clearing. Vashon Bike Tree My sister and I went on the hunt for the Vashon Bike Tree and found it yesterday. There are no signs or markings at all but a small path behind the building next to the Sound Cafe. It totally lived up to our expectations! The only thing missing were the handle bars. We were so surprised that the front wheel still turned. Bicycle Eaten by Tree We stopped by the bike-eating tree today and it was still in good shape. There's a park-and-ride across the street where you can park, then walk across the street. The tree is about 80 feet away down the trail. Page of 3 [Next 5 items] <N> This article is about the paradox. For the 2013 Indian film, see Ship of Theseus (film) In the metaphysics of Identity, the ship of Theseus (or Theseus's paradox) is a thought experiment that raises the question of whether a shipstanding for an object in generalthat has had all of its components replaced remains fundamentally the same object. The thought experiment [ edit ] First, suppose that the famous ship sailed by the hero Theseus in a great battle has been kept in a harbour as a museum piece. As the years go by some of the wooden parts begin to rot and are replaced by new ones. After a century or so, all of the parts have been replaced. Is the "restored" ship still the same object as the original? Second, suppose that each of the removed pieces were stored in a warehouse, and after the century, technology develops to cure their rotting and enable them to be put back together to make a ship. Is this "reconstructed" ship the original ship? And if so, is the restored ship in the harbour still the original ship too? Proposed resolutions [ edit ] No identity over time [ edit ] This theory states that two ships, while identical in all other ways, are not identical if they exist at two different times. Each ship-at-time is a unique "event". So even without replacement of parts, the ships in the harbour are different at each time. This theory is extreme in its denial of the everyday concept of identity, which is relied on by most people in everyday use. The concept of identity might then be replaced with some other metaphysical device to fill its role. For example, we might consider "ShipOfTheseusness" to be a property or class which is applied to all the events in the harbour as well as to the reconstructed ship-events. This solution was first introduced by the Greek philosopher Heraclitus who attempted to solve the paradox by introducing the idea of a river where water replenishes it. Arius Didymus quoted him as saying "upon those who step into the same rivers, different and again different waters flow".[1] Plutarch disputed Heraclitus' claim about stepping twice into the same river, citing that it cannot be done because "it scatters and again comes together, and approaches and recedes".[2] Continual identity over time via final cause [ edit ] According to the philosophical system of Aristotle and his followers, four causes or reasons describe a thing; these causes can be analyzed to get to a solution to the paradox. The formal cause or 'form' (perhaps best parsed as the cause of an object's form or of its having that form) is the design of a thing, while the material cause is the matter of which the thing is made. Another of Aristotle's causes is the 'end' or final cause, which is the intended purpose of a thing. The ship of Theseus would have the same ends, those being, mythically, transporting Theseus, and politically, convincing the Athenians that Theseus was once a living person, though its material cause would change with time. The efficient cause is how and by whom a thing is made, for example, how artisans fabricate and assemble something; in the case of the ship of Theseus, the workers who built the ship in the first place could have used the same tools and techniques to replace the planks in the ship. According to Aristotle, the "what-it-is" of a thing is its formal cause, so the ship of Theseus is the 'same' ship, because the formal cause, or design, does not change, even though the matter used to construct it may vary with time. In the same manner, for Heraclitus's paradox, a river has the same formal cause, although the material cause (the particular water in it) changes with time, and likewise for the person who steps in the river. This argument's validity and soundness as applied to the paradox depend on the accuracy not only of Aristotle's expressed premise that an object's formal cause is not only the primary or even sole determiner of its defining characteristic(s) or essence ("what-it-is") but also of the unstated, stronger premise that an object's formal cause is the sole determiner of its identity or "which-it-is" (i.e., whether the previous and the later ships or rivers are the "same" ship or river). This latter premise is subject to attack by indirect proof[clarification needed] using arguments such as "Suppose two ships are built using the same design and exist at the same time until one sinks the other in battle. Clearly the two ships are not the same ship even before, let alone after, one sinks the other, and yet the two have the same formal cause; therefore, formal cause cannot by itself suffice to determine an object's identity" or " [...] therefore, two objects' or object-instances' having the same formal cause does not by itself suffice to make them the same object or prove that they are the same object."[citation needed] One ship in two locations [ edit ] In this theory, both the reconstructed and restored ships claim identity with the original, as they can both trace their histories back to it. As such they are both identical with the original. As identity is a transitive relation, the two ships are therefore also identical with each other, and are a single ship existing in two locations at the same time. Two ships with non-transitive identity [ edit ] In this theory, the reconstructed and restored ships are considered to be separate objects, both are identical to the original, but they are not identical to each other. This requires us to drop the transitivity of identity, ie. deny that "A=B" and "A=C" entails "B=C". Non-atomic logic [ edit ] A basic principle of logical atomism is that facts in the world exist independently of one another. Only if we deny this principle then we can claim the following: the restored ship claims continuity of parts with the original over time and so, in the absence of other arguments, claims identity with the original. However when the reconstructed ship is completed and announced to the world, it presents a better claim on continuity, which changes the status of the restored ship making it lose its identity with the original. As a theory of observer-independent reality, this is hard to conceive; it involves both action at a distance and a violation of logical atomism. However it is more acceptable to Kantian style metaphysicists who view their subject as a theory of psychology rather than reality, as it described what biological humans are likely to believe in practice. (For example, if these were real ships on display to the public for a fee, it seems likely that the public would pay to see the reconstructed rather than restored ship.) Definitions of "the same" [ edit ] One common argument found in the philosophical literature is that in the case of Heraclitus' river one is tripped up by two different definitions of "the same", in other words the vagueness of the term. In one sense, things can be "qualitatively identical", by sharing some properties. In another sense, they might be "numerically identical" by being "one". As an example, consider two different marbles that look identical. They would be qualitatively, but not numerically, identical.[citation needed] A marble can be numerically identical only to itself. Gradual Loss of Identity [ edit ] As the parts of the ship are replaced, the identity of the ship gradually changes, as the name "Theseus' Ship" is a truthful description only when the historical memory of Theseus' use of the ship - his physical contact with, and control of, its matter - is accurate. For example, the museum curator, prior to any restoration, may say with perfect truthfulness that the bed in the captain's cabin is the same bed in which Theseus himself once slept; but once the bed has been replaced, this is no longer true, and the claim would then be an imposture, because a different description would be more accurate, i.e.; "a replica of Theseus' bed." The new bed would be as foreign to Theseus as a completely new ship. This is true of every other piece of the original boat. As the parts are replaced, the new boat becomes exactly that: a new boat. Hobbes' proposed restored boat built from the original parts will be the original ship, as its parts are the actual pieces of matter that participated in Theseus' journeys. Ted Sider and others have proposed that considering objects to extend across time as four-dimensional causal series of three-dimensional "time-slices" could solve the ship of Theseus problem because, in taking such an approach, all four-dimensional objects remain numerically identical to themselves while allowing individual time-slices to differ from each other. The aforementioned river, therefore, comprises different three-dimensional time-slices of itself while remaining numerically identical to itself across time; one can never step into the same river-time-slice twice, but one can step into the same (four-dimensional) river twice.[3] Empirical study [ edit ] A 2010 psychology study reported that 20 members of the public considered the restored ship to be the original while 24 considered the reconstructed to be the original.[4] History [ edit ] The paradox had been discussed by other ancient philosophers such as Heraclitus and Plato prior to Plutarch's writings,[5] and more recently by Thomas Hobbes and John Locke. Several variants are known, including the grandfather's axe, which has had both head and handle replaced. This particular version of the paradox was first introduced in Greek legend as reported by the historian, biographer, and essayist Plutarch: The ship wherein Theseus and the youth of Athens returned from Crete had thirty oars, and was preserved by the Athenians down even to the time of Demetrius Phalereus, for they took away the old planks as they decayed, putting in new and stronger timber in their places, insomuch that this ship became a standing example among the philosophers, for the logical question of things that grow; one side holding that the ship remained the same, and the other contending that it was not the same. Plutarch, Theseus[6] Plutarch thus questions whether the ship would remain the same if it were entirely replaced, piece by piece. Centuries later, the philosopher Thomas Hobbes introduced a further puzzle, wondering what would happen if the original planks were gathered up after they were replaced, and used to build a second ship.[7] Hobbes asked which ship, if either, would be the original Ship of Theseus. Applications [ edit ] The paradox appears in several more applied fields of philosophy. In philosophy of mind, the ship is replaced by a person whose identity over time is called into question. Daniel Dennett asked: should one step into a teleporter which destroys one's original body and reconstructs it elsewhere? Or one which does not destroy the original but creates a second copy which is then destroyed some time later? The Russian nobleman problem asks whether a young socialist with an inheritance should kill himself in order to kill his enemy: the bourgeois elderly male whom he expects to become later in life. In both philosophy of law and practical law, the paradox appears when the ownership of an object or of the rights to its name are disagreed in court. For example, groups of people such as companies, sports teams, and musical bands may all change their parts and see their old members re-form into rivals, leading to legal actions between the old and new entities. (A particularly perfect and notorious example was the band Sugababes whose original members all left and later re-formed as a different band, while the old band continued to replace members and exist under the original name). Also, texts and computer programs may be edited gradually but so heavily that none of the original remains, posing the legal question of whether the owners of the original have any claim on the result. The USS Constellation (1854) is the only actual ship whose identity has been legally debated precisely as in the thought experiment. In ontological engineering such as the design of practical databases and AI systems, the paradox appears regularly when data objects change over time. There are many more examples of the paradox found in real-life and in fiction. See also [ edit ] References [ edit ] <N> Kansas City weather was gorgeous over the long Thanksgiving weekend  perfect for procrastinators who still hadn't gotten around to hanging their holiday lights. Unfortunately, it looked as if tragedy was about to strike at a house on the corner of State Line and West 61st Street: Jeez, had this guy's ladder really fallen out from under him? Was he really hanging for dear life from the gutter? Nah. Turns out whoever lives here was just enjoying some excellent holiday humor. We couldn't quite make out the exact wording of the sign on the ladder, but we think it says "Gotcha! He's fine. Merry X-mas." <N> 