Longtime Pittsburgh Post-Gazette cartoonist Rob Rogers says his work has been banished from the editorial page lately because of "political differences" with his editors. (Photo: Rob Rogers) PITTSBURGH  A longtime newspaper cartoonist who says his work has been banished from the editorial page lately because of "political differences" with his editors says he's been fired. Rob Rogers tweeted Thursday he's been fired after 25 years as the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette's editorial cartoonist. The paper has declined to run many of his cartoons in recent months. Scroll through this gallery for a look at some of Rogers' cartoons the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette would not publish. The Association of American Editorial Cartoonists recently issued a statement linking Rogers' situation to "the recent arrival of a Trump-supporting editorial page editor." Keith Burris became the paper's editorial director in March. Burris did not immediately return a call and email seeking comment. A message left with publisher John Block wasn't immediately returned. Block told The Washington Post last week the matter "had little to do with politics" or Trump but primarily involved the editing process. Read more: Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette fired its longtime editorial cartoonist, Rob Rogers, after a public feud over spiked cartoons that were critical of President Trump. >>UPDATE: Rogers says hes been fired as the Pittsburgh Post-Gazettes editorial cartoonist For the past week, theres been a feature noticeably absent from the editorial pages of the Pittsburgh Post Gazette  the political cartoons of award-winning cartoonist Rob Rogers. Rogers, who has drawn cartoons for the Post-Gazette since 1993, has seen six cartoons killed in a row by Keith Burris, who took over as the newspapers editorial director in March when the papers editorial board merged with its sister newspaper, the Toledo Blade. The cartoons included criticism of President Trump and of the NFLs decision to prohibit players from protesting racial injustice during the national anthem. Rogers has, however, been posting cartoons that were killed on social media: Rogers told the Inquirer and Daily News that he couldnt comment on the situation. Rogers confirmed that hes still employed as the papers staff cartoonist, and that hes working on a new cartoon for Tuesdays newspaper. Burris did not respond to requests for comment. It is unusual for a staff cartoonist to have an entire weeks worth of political cartoons spiked. Signe Wilkinson, the Inquirer and Daily News Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist, said she has had just one cartoon killed in her tenure  a drawing that was spiked from the Inquirer but ran in the Daily News. Rogers cartoons were replaced in print by the work of syndicated artists and three cartoons by Toledo Blade staff cartoonist Kirk Walters. In last Tuesdays paper, under a cartoon about gun control by syndicated cartoonist Robert Ariail, Rogers was listed as having the day off. Burris stoked controversy in January by penning a controversial editorial defending Trumps criticism of immigrants from shole countries, a comment the president made during a discussion about protections for immigrants from Haiti, El Salvador and Africa. The leaders of the Newspaper Guild of Pittsburgh, which represents about 150 Post-Gazette newsroom employees, blasted the editorial in a letter to the publisher for twisting itself in knots in a colossally failed attempt to defend the indefensible. As a matter of course, the Guild does not weigh in on editorial positions, but this piece is so extraordinary in its mindless, sycophantic embrace of racist values and outright bigotry espoused by this countrys president that we would be morally, journalistically, and humanly remiss not to speak out against it, the Guilds executive committee wrote. According to Post-Gazette reporter and Newspaper Guild of Pittsburgh president Michael Fuoco, Burris was asked to write the editorial by Post-Gazette publisher John Robinson Block, who demanded it run in both the Post-Gazette and the Blade. As a journalist at the Post-Gazette for 34 years I have nothing but the highest respect for Rob as a journalist and colleague, Fuoco told the Inquirer and the Daily News. Block is a Trump supporter who said during a 2013 community forum on racism that people of color needed to pull themselves up by their bootstraps like they did in the old days. Both Block and Burris met with Trump on his private plane at Toledo Express Airport in September 2016 after a campaign rally. Block was also called out by reporters in the newsroom for asking that the term vulgar language be removed from the first paragraph of an Associated Press story about Trumps vulgar language. We havent been given a reason aside from a vague note about wanting the story to focus more on his rejection of DACA even though thats not what this AP story is about, the newspapers official Twitter account wrote in response to a reporters question. We haven't been given a reason aside from a vague note about wanting the story to focus more on his rejection of DACA even though that's not what this AP story is about.  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (@PittsburghPG) January 12, 2018 The problems between Rogers and Burris date back to March, shortly after Burris first took over as the newspapers editorial director. On his Facebook page, Rogers confirmed that a cartoon he drew March 18 about an alleged affair between Trump and porn star Stormy Daniels had been killed. Rogers also confirmed in the Facebook post that a cartoon he drew March 11 about Pennsylvania state Rep. Rick Saccones failed run for Congress had also been killed. Saccone, who lost a closely watched special election to Democrat Conor Lamb, was endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazettes editorial board in part because they thought Lambs victory could lead to Trumps impeachment. For subscribers keeping score at home, this was another one that was killed and didnt make it into the paper, Rogers wrote on Facebook after posting a cartoon mocking conservative conspiracy theories that a deep state within the FBI was determined to take down President Trump. <N> After 25 years as the editorial cartoonist for The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, I was fired on Thursday. I blame Donald Trump. Well, sort of. I shouldve seen it coming. When I had lunch with my new boss a few months ago, he informed me that the papers publisher believed that the editorial cartoonist was akin to an editorial writer, and that his views should reflect the philosophy of the newspaper. That was a new one to me. I was trained in a tradition in which editorial cartoonists are the live wires of a publication  as one former colleague put it, the constant irritant. Our job is to provoke readers in a way words alone cant. Cartoonists are not illustrators for a publishers politics. When I was hired in 1993, The Post-Gazette was the liberal newspaper in town, but it always prided itself on being a forum for a lot of divergent ideas. The change in the paper did not happen overnight. From what I remember, it started in 2010, with the endorsement of the Republican candidate for Pennsylvania governor, which shocked a majority of our readership. The next big moment happened in late 2015, when my longtime boss, the editorial page editor, took a buyout after the publisher indicated that the paper might endorse Mr. Trump. Then, early this year, we published openly racist editorials. <N> The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette covers a key area in a critical swing state that helped elect Trump president in 2016. | POLITICO Screengrab Hes just become too angry: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette publisher defends firing cartoonist LAKEVILLE, Conn.  The publisher of a Pittsburgh newspaper on Saturday defended the controversial firing of its editorial cartoonist, saying he hasnt been funny in a long time. Hes just become too angry for his health or for his own good, John Block, the publisher and editor-in-chief of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, told POLITICO in his first interview since the firing earlier this week. Hes obsessed with Trump. Story Continued Below The veteran cartoonist, Rob Rogers, disputed Blocks assessment as completely inaccurate and claimed that Block was mistaking strong opinion for anger. Rogers maintained Saturday that he was let go for being too anti-Trump in his cartoons. The firing came as journalists and comedians debate how to respond to a president who frequently lambastes the media as fake news, and two months after comedian Michelle Wolf was heavily criticized for biting humor aimed at Trump and Sarah Sanders during the White House Correspondents Dinner. Morning Media Your guide to the media circus  weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Late-night comedians like Stephen Colbert have also drawn attention during Trumps presidency for their frequent, sharply worded criticism of Trump. The Post-Gazette covers a key area in a critical swing state that helped elect Trump president in 2016. The paper helps to shape the views of Trump supporters and others among his base of voters in their state, which will likely play an important role in 2020 as well. Block said that Rogers wanted to make cartoons every day about Trump, and among the issues that led to his firing was a lack of a diversity of subjects. I wanted clever and funny instead of angry and mean, he said in an interview in Lakeville, Connecticut, at a reunion of his boarding school, Hotchkiss. Editorial cartoonists should augment the positions of the newspaper they work for, not stray too far from them, Block said. Block said that the newspaper has picked up some conservative readers recently after the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, which was owned by the late right-wing billionaire Richard Mellon Scaife, stopped printing daily in 2016. Were trying to have some acceptability to them too, he said. A cartoon about the Trump administration's policy of separating families at the U.S.-Mexico border, one of Rob Rogers' rejected submissions, is pictured. | Rob Rogers Rogers told POLITICO that he didnt want to draw Trump every day. "If you look through my work, you will see that many cartoons had nothing to do with Trump," he said in an email. "If I drew Trump more often than Block would have liked, it was because I base my cartoons on the most urgent topics at hand. Sadly, Trump provides that fodder every day." "Mr. Block mistakes a strong opinion, particularly one he doesn't agree with, as anger. I see it as my job to critique injustices. I don't see that as anger, nor do many readers or fellow journalists." Rogers, who was a Pulitzer Prize finalist in 1999 and had worked for the newspaper for over two decades, wrote a New York Times op-ed on Saturday with the headline I Was Fired for Making Fun of Trump. Our job is to provoke readers in a way words alone cant. Cartoonists are not illustrators for a publishers politics, he wrote in the article. Every year, a few of my cartoons get killed. But suddenly, in a three-month period, 19 cartoons or proposals were rejected. Six were spiked in a single week  one after it was already placed on the page, he wrote. He also said he would continue to work on his cartoons every day of this presidency. His cartoons will continue to be distributed by a syndication service. Asked his reaction to the Times op-ed, Block said: I havent seen it yet. Hes playing it for everything that its worth and I think thats a mistake. I dont think thats a good idea. Block, who said he has lost $161 million on the newspaper in the last 10 years, declined to say if he had personally given the order to fire Rogers. <N> Roll Call Vote 105th Congress - 2nd Session Vote Summary Question: On the Conference Report (H.R. 629 Conference Report ) Vote Number: 255 Vote Date: September 2, 1998, 10:23 AM Required For Majority: 1/2 Vote Result: Conference Report Agreed to Measure Number: (Texas Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact Consent Act ) H.R. 629 (Texas Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact Consent Act ) Measure Title: A bill to grant the consent of the Congress to the Texas Low-Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact. Vote Counts: YEAs 78 NAYs 15 Not Voting 7 *Information compiled through Senate LIS by the Senate Bill Clerk under the direction of the Secretary of the Senate Alphabetical by Senator Name Abraham (R-MI), Yea Akaka (D-HI), Nay Allard (R-CO), Yea Ashcroft (R-MO), Yea Baucus (D-MT), Yea Bennett (R-UT), Yea Biden (D-DE), Yea Bingaman (D-NM), Not Voting Bond (R-MO), Yea Boxer (D-CA), Nay Breaux (D-LA), Yea Brownback (R-KS), Yea Bryan (D-NV), Nay Bumpers (D-AR), Yea Burns (R-MT), Yea Byrd (D-WV), Yea Campbell (R-CO), Yea Chafee (R-RI), Yea Cleland (D-GA), Yea Coats (R-IN), Yea Cochran (R-MS), Yea Collins (R-ME), Yea Conrad (D-ND), Yea Coverdell (R-GA), Not Voting Craig (R-ID), Yea D'Amato (R-NY), Yea Daschle (D-SD), Yea DeWine (R-OH), Yea Dodd (D-CT), Yea Domenici (R-NM), Not Voting Dorgan (D-ND), Yea Durbin (D-IL), Nay Enzi (R-WY), Yea Faircloth (R-NC), Yea Feingold (D-WI), Nay Feinstein (D-CA), Yea Ford (D-KY), Yea Frist (R-TN), Yea Glenn (D-OH), Not Voting Gorton (R-WA), Yea Graham (D-FL), Yea Gramm (R-TX), Yea Grams (R-MN), Yea Grassley (R-IA), Yea Gregg (R-NH), Yea Hagel (R-NE), Yea Harkin (D-IA), Nay Hatch (R-UT), Yea Helms (R-NC), Not Voting Hollings (D-SC), Yea Hutchinson (R-AR), Yea Hutchison (R-TX), Yea Inhofe (R-OK), Yea Inouye (D-HI), Not Voting Jeffords (R-VT), Yea Johnson (D-SD), Yea Kempthorne (R-ID), Yea Kennedy (D-MA), Nay Kerrey (D-NE), Yea Kerry (D-MA), Nay Kohl (D-WI), Yea Kyl (R-AZ), Yea Landrieu (D-LA), Yea Lautenberg (D-NJ), Nay Leahy (D-VT), Yea Levin (D-MI), Yea Lieberman (D-CT), Yea Lott (R-MS), Yea Lugar (R-IN), Yea Mack (R-FL), Yea McCain (R-AZ), Yea McConnell (R-KY), Yea Mikulski (D-MD), Yea Moseley-Braun (D-IL), Nay Moynihan (D-NY), Yea Murkowski (R-AK), Not Voting Murray (D-WA), Yea Nickles (R-OK), Yea Reed (D-RI), Nay Reid (D-NV), Nay Robb (D-VA), Yea Roberts (R-KS), Yea Rockefeller (D-WV), Yea Roth (R-DE), Yea Santorum (R-PA), Yea Sarbanes (D-MD), Yea Sessions (R-AL), Yea Shelby (R-AL), Yea Smith (R-NH), Yea Smith (R-OR), Yea Snowe (R-ME), Yea Specter (R-PA), Yea Stevens (R-AK), Yea Thomas (R-WY), Yea Thompson (R-TN), Yea Thurmond (R-SC), Yea Torricelli (D-NJ), Nay Warner (R-VA), Yea Wellstone (D-MN), Nay Wyden (D-OR), Nay Grouped By Vote Position YEAs ---78 Abraham (R-MI) Allard (R-CO) Ashcroft (R-MO) Baucus (D-MT) Bennett (R-UT) Biden (D-DE) Bond (R-MO) Breaux (D-LA) Brownback (R-KS) Bumpers (D-AR) Burns (R-MT) Byrd (D-WV) Campbell (R-CO) Chafee (R-RI) Cleland (D-GA) Coats (R-IN) Cochran (R-MS) Collins (R-ME) Conrad (D-ND) Craig (R-ID) D'Amato (R-NY) Daschle (D-SD) DeWine (R-OH) Dodd (D-CT) Dorgan (D-ND) Enzi (R-WY) Faircloth (R-NC) Feinstein (D-CA) Ford (D-KY) Frist (R-TN) Gorton (R-WA) Graham (D-FL) Gramm (R-TX) Grams (R-MN) Grassley (R-IA) Gregg (R-NH) Hagel (R-NE) Hatch (R-UT) Hollings (D-SC) Hutchinson (R-AR) Hutchison (R-TX) Inhofe (R-OK) Jeffords (R-VT) Johnson (D-SD) Kempthorne (R-ID) Kerrey (D-NE) Kohl (D-WI) Kyl (R-AZ) Landrieu (D-LA) Leahy (D-VT) Levin (D-MI) Lieberman (D-CT) Lott (R-MS) Lugar (R-IN) Mack (R-FL) McCain (R-AZ) McConnell (R-KY) Mikulski (D-MD) Moynihan (D-NY) Murray (D-WA) Nickles (R-OK) Robb (D-VA) Roberts (R-KS) Rockefeller (D-WV) Roth (R-DE) Santorum (R-PA) Sarbanes (D-MD) Sessions (R-AL) Shelby (R-AL) Smith (R-NH) Smith (R-OR) Snowe (R-ME) Specter (R-PA) Stevens (R-AK) Thomas (R-WY) Thompson (R-TN) Thurmond (R-SC) Warner (R-VA) NAYs ---15 Akaka (D-HI) Boxer (D-CA) Bryan (D-NV) Durbin (D-IL) Feingold (D-WI) Harkin (D-IA) Kennedy (D-MA) Kerry (D-MA) Lautenberg (D-NJ) Moseley-Braun (D-IL) Reed (D-RI) Reid (D-NV) Torricelli (D-NJ) Wellstone (D-MN) Wyden (D-OR) Not Voting - 7 Bingaman (D-NM) Coverdell (R-GA) Domenici (R-NM) Glenn (D-OH) Helms (R-NC) Inouye (D-HI) Murkowski (R-AK) Grouped by Home State <N> Citing concerns about a geologic fault line, the Texas Natural Resource Conservation Commission voted today to deny a license to store low-level nuclear waste near the Mexico border. The commission voted 3 to 0 to deny a permit for the proposed radioactive-waste dump at Sierra Blanca, a town of about 700 near El Paso and 16 miles from Mexico. The project had the approval of the Federal Government and the support of state officials, who said it would help the area's economy. Environmentalists and the Mexican Government opposed the dump as too dangerous, as did residents of Sierra Blanca. Advertisement Continue reading the main story ''The place had no future with a dump,'' David Frederick, a lawyer for the Sierra Blanca Legal Defense Fund. ''It may not have a great future now, but at least there won't be a dump.'' <N> News Releases from Headquarters  Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention  EPA Takes Three Important Steps to Ensure Chemical Safety Under the Lautenberg Act, Proposes Action on Asbestos Contact Information: EPA Press Office (_EMAIL_) WASHINGTON  Today, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is releasing the following for public comment: (1) the first ten problem formulation documents, (2) EPAs systemic review approach document, and (3) a significant new use rule (SNUR) proposal enabling the Agency to prevent new uses of asbestos  the first such action on asbestos ever proposed. These actions provide the American people with transparency and an opportunity to comment on how EPA plans to evaluate the ten chemicals undergoing risk evaluation, select studies, and use the best available science to ensure chemicals in the marketplace are safe, said EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. At the same time, we are moving forward to take important, unprecedented action on asbestos. The problem formulation documents refine the scope of risk evaluations for the first ten chemicals selected under the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, which amended the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). The Agencys problem formulation documents are an important interim step prior to completing and publishing the final risk evaluations by December 2019. They clarify the chemical uses that EPA expects to evaluate and describe how EPA expects to conduct the evaluations. Read the documents. Comments are due in 45 days upon publication in the Federal Register. EPAs systematic review approach document will guide EPAs selection and review of studies in addition to providing the public with continued transparency regarding how the Agency plans to evaluate scientific information. Read the document. Comments are due in 45 days upon publication in the Federal Register (Docket: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2018-0210). For asbestos, EPA is proposing a SNUR for certain uses of asbestos (including asbestos-containing goods) that would require manufacturers and importers to receive EPA approval before starting or resuming manufacturing, and importing or processing of asbestos. This review process would provide EPA with the opportunity to evaluate the intended use of asbestos and, when necessary, take action to prohibit or limit the use. Read the document. Comments are due in 60 days upon publication in the Federal Register (Docket: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2018-0159). Additional Information: Upon publication in the Federal Register you can comment in each of the chemicals respective dockets below: Asbestos: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0736 (each has link) 1-Bromopropane: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0741 Carbon Tetrachloride: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0733 1,4-Dioxane: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0723 Cyclic Aliphatic Bromide Cluster (HBCD): EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0735 Methylene Chloride: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0742 N-Methylpyrrolidone (NMP): EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0743 Pigment Violet 29 (Anthra[2,1,9-def:6,5,10-def]diisoquinoline-1,3,8,10(2H,9H)-tetrone): EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0725 Trichloroethylene (TCE): EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0737 Perchloroethylene: EPA-HQ-OPPT-2016-0732 The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act required EPA to select the first ten chemicals to undergo risk evaluations. These ten chemicals were announced on December 16, 2016. As required, EPA issued corresponding scope documents on June 22, 2017, for these chemicals, which describe the scope of the risk evaluation to be conducted, including the hazards, exposures, conditions of use, and potentially exposed or susceptible subpopulations that the Agency expects to consider. The problem formulation documents EPA issued today refine those scope documents. Read more about EPAs actions under the Lautenberg Chemical Safety Act. Read about EPAs risk evaluation process. <N> Asbestos and Cancer Risk What is asbestos? Asbestos is a group of minerals that occur naturally as bundles of fibers. These fibers are found in soil and rocks in many parts of the world. They are made mainly of silicon and oxygen, but they also contain other elements. There are 2 main types of asbestos: Chrysotile asbestos, also known as white asbestos, is the most common type of asbestos in industrial applications. When looked at under the microscope, chrysotile asbestos fibers wrap around themselves in a spiral, which is why this form of asbestos is also called serpentine or curly asbestos. asbestos, also known as white asbestos, is the most common type of asbestos in industrial applications. When looked at under the microscope, chrysotile asbestos fibers wrap around themselves in a spiral, which is why this form of asbestos is also called or asbestos. Amphibole asbestos fibers are straight and needle-like. There are several types of amphibole fibers, including amosite (brown asbestos), crocidolite (blue asbestos), tremolite, actinolite, and anthophyllite. Both types of asbestos have been linked with cancer. Asbestos fibers can be useful because they are strong, resistant to heat and to many chemicals, and do not conduct electricity. As a result, asbestos has been used as an insulating material since ancient times. Since the industrial revolution, asbestos has been used to insulate factories, schools, homes, and ships, and to make automobile brake and clutch parts, roofing shingles, ceiling and floor tiles, cement, textiles, and hundreds of other products. During the first half of the 20th century, growing evidence showed that breathing in asbestos caused scarring of the lungs. Exposure to asbestos dust in the workplace was not controlled at that time. Beginning in England in the 1930s, steps were taken to protect workers in the asbestos industry by installing ventilation and exhaust systems. However, in the huge shipbuilding effort during World War II, large numbers of workers were exposed to high levels of asbestos. As asbestos-related cancers became better recognized in the second half of the 20th century, measures were taken to reduce exposure, including establishing exposure standards and laws that banned the use of asbestos in construction materials. There has been a dramatic decrease in importing and using asbestos in the United States since the mid-1970s, and alternative insulating materials have been developed. As a result, asbestos exposure has dropped dramatically. However, its still used in some products, and its still possible to be exposed to asbestos in older buildings, water pipes, and other settings. Asbestos use has been banned in the European Union since 2005, although the ban did not require removal of asbestos that was already in place. Still, heavy asbestos use continues in some countries. How are people exposed to asbestos? People can be exposed to asbestos in different ways: Inhaling asbestos: Most exposures come from inhaling asbestos fibers in the air. This can occur during the mining and processing of asbestos, when making asbestos-containing products, or when installing asbestos insulation. It can also occur when older buildings are demolished or renovated, or when older asbestos-containing materials begin to break down. In any of these situations, asbestos fibers tend to create a dust made of tiny particles that can float in the air. Most exposures come from inhaling asbestos fibers in the air. This can occur during the mining and processing of asbestos, when making asbestos-containing products, or when installing asbestos insulation. It can also occur when older buildings are demolished or renovated, or when older asbestos-containing materials begin to break down. In any of these situations, asbestos fibers tend to create a dust made of tiny particles that can float in the air. Swallowing asbestos: Asbestos fibers can also be swallowed. This can happen when people consume contaminated food or liquids (such as water that flows through asbestos cement pipes). It can also occur when people cough up asbestos they have inhaled, and then swallow their saliva. Many people are exposed to very low levels of naturally occurring asbestos in outdoor air as a result of erosion of asbestos-containing rocks. The risk of this is higher in areas where rocks have higher asbestos content. In some areas, asbestos can be detected in the water supply as well as in the air. It can get into the water through several sources, such as rock or soil erosion, corrosion of asbestos cement pipes, or the breakdown of roofing materials containing asbestos that then enter the sewers after it rains. However, the people with the heaviest exposure are those who worked in asbestos industries, such as shipbuilding and insulation. Many of these people recall working in thick clouds of asbestos dust, day after day. Family members of asbestos workers can also be exposed to high levels of asbestos because the fibers can be carried home on the workers clothing, and can then be inhaled by others in the household. Asbestos exposure is also a concern in older buildings. If building materials that contain asbestos (like older insulation and ceiling and floor tiles) begin to decompose over time, asbestos fibers can be found in indoor air and may pose a health threat. There is no health risk if the asbestos is bonded into intact finished products, such as walls and tiles. As long as the material is not damaged or disturbed (for example, by drilling or remodeling), the fibers are not released into the air. Maintenance workers who sweep up and dispose of the asbestos dust or handle damaged asbestos-containing materials are often exposed to higher levels than other people in these buildings. Removing asbestos from homes and other buildings can also cause some exposure, although modern asbestos abatement workers are trained to use proper protective equipment to minimize exposure. Although use of asbestos has declined in the United States, people can still be exposed to asbestos in the workplace. In recent years, the US Occupational Health and Safety Administration (OSHA) has estimated that over a million American employees in construction and general industries face significant asbestos exposure on the job. The mining and use of asbestos is also still a health hazard in some other parts of the world. Mining in the Russian Federation, China, Kazakhstan, Brazil, Canada, and Zimbabwe accounts for almost all of the world production of asbestos. Much of what is produced is used in the Russian Federation (and other countries in the former Soviet Union) and Asia, and its use is on the rise in some areas. In 2005, the World Health Organization estimated that about 125 million people worldwide were exposed to asbestos at work, despite the known links to cancer and other lung diseases for more than 60 years. Does asbestos cause cancer? Researchers use 2 main types of studies to try to figure out if a substance causes cancer. Studies in people: One type of study looks at cancer rates in different groups of people. Such a study might compare the cancer rate in a group exposed to a substance to the cancer rate in a group not exposed to it, or compare it to the cancer rate in the general population. But sometimes it can be hard to know what the results of these studies mean, because many other factors might affect the results. One type of study looks at cancer rates in different groups of people. Such a study might compare the cancer rate in a group exposed to a substance to the cancer rate in a group not exposed to it, or compare it to the cancer rate in the general population. But sometimes it can be hard to know what the results of these studies mean, because many other factors might affect the results. Lab studies: In studies done in the lab, animals are exposed to a substance (often in very large doses) to see if it causes tumors or other health problems. Researchers might also expose normal cells in a lab dish to the substance to see if it causes the types of changes that are seen in cancer cells. Its not always clear if the results from these types of studies will apply to humans, but lab studies are a good way to find out if a substance might possibly cause cancer. In most cases neither type of study provides enough evidence on its own, so researchers usually look at both human and lab-based studies when trying to figure out if something causes cancer. Evidence from studies in both people and lab animals has shown that asbestos can increase the risk for some types of cancer. When asbestos fibers in the air are inhaled, they can stick to mucus in the throat, trachea (windpipe), or bronchi (large breathing tubes of the lungs) and might be cleared by being coughed up or swallowed. But some fibers reach the ends of the small airways in the lungs or penetrate into the outer lining of the lung and chest wall (known as the pleura). These fibers can irritate the cells in the lung or pleura and eventually cause lung cancer or mesothelioma. Studies in people Lung cancer Inhalation of asbestos fibers has been linked to an increased risk of lung cancer in many studies of asbestos-exposed workers. This increased risk is seen with all forms of asbestos (there is no safe type of asbestos in terms of lung cancer risk). In general, the greater the exposure to asbestos, the higher the risk of lung cancer. Most cases of lung cancer in asbestos workers occur at least 15 years after first exposure to asbestos. In workers exposed to asbestos who also smoke, the lung cancer risk is even greater than adding the risks from these exposures separately. Mesothelioma Mesothelioma is a fairly rare form of cancer that most often affects the thin linings of the organs in the chest (pleura) and abdomen (peritoneum). Mesothelioma is closely linked with asbestos exposure. All forms of asbestos have been linked to mesothelioma, although amphibole asbestos appears to cause this cancer at lower levels of exposure than chrysotile asbestos. Most cases of mesothelioma result from exposure to asbestos at work. There is also an increased risk of mesothelioma among family members of workers and people living in neighborhoods near asbestos factories and mines. Although the risk of mesothelioma increases with the amount of asbestos exposure, there is no clear safe level of asbestos exposure in terms of mesothelioma risk. Mesotheliomas typically take a long time to develop. The time between first exposure to asbestos and diagnosis of mesothelioma is usually 30 years or more. Unfortunately, the risk of mesothelioma does not drop with time after exposure to asbestos. The risk appears to be lifelong. Unlike lung cancer, mesothelioma risk is not increased among smokers. Other types of cancer Studies have also found clear links between workplace exposure to asbestos and cancers of the larynx (voice box) and ovaries. Some studies have also suggested that workplace asbestos exposure may be linked to other cancers, including cancers of the pharynx (throat), stomach, colon, and rectum. However, the link between these cancers and asbestos is not as clear as it is for the other cancers discussed here. For cancer of the throat, the link is strongest for the hypopharynx, the part of the throat closest to the larynx (voice box). Its not clear exactly how asbestos might affect risk for these cancers, but swallowed asbestos fibers might somehow contribute to the risk. Studies done in the lab Tests on several different rodent species, using different methods of exposure, have confirmed that asbestos causes cancer in animals. All forms of asbestos have produced tumors in animals, but the size and shape of the asbestos fibers influence the incidence of tumors. Smaller, straighter fibers seem more hazardous, perhaps because they are more likely to reach the deepest parts of the lungs. What expert agencies say Several national and international agencies study substances in the environment to determine if they can cause cancer. (A substance that causes cancer or helps cancer grow is called a carcinogen.) The American Cancer Society looks to these organizations to evaluate the risks based on evidence from laboratory, animal, and human research studies. Based on animal and human evidence like the examples above, several expert agencies have evaluated the cancer-causing nature of asbestos. The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) is part of the World Health Organization (WHO). One of its goals is to identify causes of cancer. IARC classifies asbestos as carcinogenic to humans, based on its ability to cause mesothelioma and cancers of the lung, larynx (voice box), and ovaries. The National Toxicology Program (NTP) is formed from parts of several different US government agencies, including the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The NTP has classified asbestos as known to be a human carcinogen. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) maintains the Integrated Risk Information System (IRIS), an electronic database that contains information on human health effects from exposure to various substances in the environment. The EPA classifies asbestos as a human carcinogen. (For more information on the classification systems used by these agencies, see Known and Probable Human Carcinogens.) Does asbestos cause any other health problems? The major health problem caused by asbestos exposure, aside from cancer, is a lung disease called asbestosis. When a person breathes high levels of asbestos over time, some of the fibers lodge deep in the lungs. Irritation caused by the fibers can eventually lead to scarring (fibrosis) in the lungs. This can make it hard to breathe. The main symptoms of asbestosis are shortness of breath and a chronic cough. When asbestosis occurs, it is typically 10 to 20 years after the initial exposure to asbestos. The disease can get worse over time. While some people may not have serious symptoms, others may be seriously disabled by breathing problems. Unfortunately there is no effective treatment for this disease. Asbestos can also reach the outer lining of the lungs (pleura), where it can cause pleural plaques (areas of hard, scar-like tissue in the pleura), pleural thickening, and pleural effusions (buildup of fluid between the lungs and the pleura). All of these conditions can make it harder to breathe. How can I avoid exposure to asbestos? If there is a possibility you might be exposed to asbestos at work, such as during renovating old buildings, you should use the proper protective equipment, work practices, and safety procedures designed for working around asbestos. If youre concerned about asbestos exposure in your workplace, discuss the situation with your employee health and safety representative or your employer. If needed, the Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA), the federal agency responsible for health and safety regulations in most workplaces, can provide more information or make an inspection. If you live in an older home, it might contain asbestos-containing insulation or other materials. A knowledgeable expert can check your home to determine if there is any asbestos and if it poses any risk of exposure. This may involve testing the air for asbestos levels. (Again, just because asbestos exists in a home does not necessarily mean that it needs to be removed. As long as the material is not damaged or disturbed, for example by drilling or remodeling, the fibers are not released into the air.) If asbestos needs to be removed from your home, hire a qualified contractor to perform this job to avoid contaminating your home further or causing any exposure to your family or to the workers. You should not attempt to remove asbestos-containing material yourself. What should I do if Ive been exposed to asbestos? If youve been exposed to asbestos, its important to assess the amount of your exposure. If you were exposed only very briefly, or only at very low levels, your risk of a resulting disease is probably low. However, it you were exposed at high levels or for long periods of time, you may be at increased risk of certain cancers or the other diseases discussed above. You can help protect your health in several ways: If you are a smoker, its very important that you try to stop smoking. Evidence suggests that asbestos-exposed workers who quit smoking can significantly reduce their risk of developing lung cancer. Talk to your doctor about whether you should get regular health checkups to look for signs of asbestos-related diseases. This is especially important if you are a smoker. You may want to ask about seeing a doctor experienced with asbestos-related diseases. Some doctors recommend that people with heavy asbestos exposure get regular chest x-rays or CT scans and lung function tests. These tests cant detect asbestos fibers themselves, but they can sometimes find problems, including some cancers, that could be caused by the fibers. In fact, some expert groups advise that asbestos exposure alone is enough to consider getting regular CT scans to screen for lung cancer, regardless of a persons smoking history. Tell your doctor if you start to have symptoms that might be related to asbestos exposure such as shortness of breath, a new or worsening cough, coughing up blood, pain or tightness in the chest, trouble swallowing, or unintended weight loss. See your doctor promptly for any respiratory illness. Ask your doctor about getting vaccines against flu and pneumonia. If youve already been diagnosed with an asbestos-related disease, there are some places you may be able to go for financial help with treatment. Some people with asbestos-related illness may be eligible for Medicare coverage. Some people also may qualify for help, including medical payments, under different workers compensation programs. These can include state workers compensation programs, the Federal Employees Compensation Program, and the Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Program. Eligible veterans may receive health care at a Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Medical Center for asbestos-related diseases. <N> 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.  The Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976 provides EPA with authority to require reporting, record-keeping and testing requirements, and restrictions relating to chemical substances and/or mixtures. Certain substances are generally excluded from TSCA, including, among others, food, drugs, cosmetics and pesticides. TSCA addresses the production, importation, use, and disposal of specific chemicals including polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), asbestos, radon and lead-based paint. Various sections of TSCA provide authority to: Require, under Section 5, pre-manufacture notification for "new chemical substances" before manufacture Require, under Section 4, testing of chemicals by manufacturers, importers, and processors where risks or exposures of concern are found Issue Significant New Use Rules (SNURs), under Section 5, when it identifies a "significant new use" that could result in exposures to, or releases of, a substance of concern. Maintain the TSCA Inventory, under Section 8, which contains more than 83,000 chemicals. As new chemicals are commercially manufactured or imported, they are placed on the list. Require those importing or exporting chemicals, under Sections 12(b) and 13, to comply with certification reporting and/or other requirements. Require, under Section 8, reporting and record-keeping by persons who manufacture, import, process, and/or distribute chemical substances in commerce. Require, under Section 8(e), that any person who manufactures (including imports), processes, or distributes in commerce a chemical substance or mixture and who obtains information which reasonably supports the conclusion that such substance or mixture presents a substantial risk of injury to health or the environment to immediately inform EPA, except where EPA has been adequately informed of such information. EPA screens all TSCA b8(e) submissions as well as voluntary "For Your Information" (FYI) submissions. The latter are not required by law, but are submitted by industry and public interest groups for a variety of reasons. Compliance and Enforcement History of this Act More Information The Office of Pollution Prevention and Toxics (OPPT) manages programs under the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Pollution Prevention Act. Under these laws, EPA evaluates new and existing chemicals and their risks, and finds ways to prevent or reduce pollution before it gets into the environment. <N> Asbestos, trichloroethylene, pigment violet 29these are just three of thousands of chemicals the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is assessing for risks to human health and ecosystems under the revamped Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). Congress overhauled the chemical safety law last summer, with wide bipartisan and industry support. Many viewed the legislation as a much-needed update to old, feeble regulations. Now, though, the Trump administration may be undermining the reformed law. After Congress amended the old chemical safety act, it tasked the EPA with writing what are called the framework rules for how the agency will implement the reformed law. Outside experts and environmental groups express deep concern that the EPAs new framework rules for TSCA, which took effect in July, could seriously subvert the laws purpose in favor of industry. These are major rules that will set the conditions for how TSCA is implementedpotentially for the next few decades, says Noah Sachs, director of the University of Richmond Law Schools Center for Environmental Studies. The TSCA framework rules establish formal guidelines for how the EPA will assess tens of thousands of existing chemicals. For the most part, they specify how the agency will prioritize and evaluate chemicals for risks. The Obama administration had already proposed a version of the rules. The current administration took over and finalized thembut not without significantly rewriting them first. The law is much, much less stringent with the latest rules, says Rena Steinzor, a professor of law at the University of Maryland. One of the most controversial parts of the framework is how the EPA changed a key term known as the conditions of use. It defines which applications of a chemical the EPA will examine in risk evaluations. For a given chemical, usages could range widelyfrom a consumer product like a kitchen countertop cleaner to various business and industrial applications. Uses are critical, because they define exposure to people and the environment, Steinzor says. The Obama administration interpreted conditions of use broadly, experts say, but Pres. Trumps EPA has significantly narrowed the term. For instance, the definition now excludes legacy applicationsa past use of a chemical that has been discontinued. One example of this is a class of chemicals called polybrominated diphenyl ethers used as flame retardants, which were added to furniture cushions until recently. Experts say the EPA still needs to consider exposure to these legacy uses. When youre assessing a chemical, its important to look at all the uses to understand the actual risk in the real world, says Richard Denison, a lead senior scientist at the Environmental Defense Fund. Thats because previous or ongoing exposure to a legacy use of a chemical could complicate a persons exposure to the chemicals present-day uses. You have to recognize that the way someone responds to a new risk is partly based on what else theyve already been exposed to, Denison says. Sachs agrees: Congresss concern is about aggregate exposure, and that makes sense, because thats what matters to human health, he notes. If this rule stands, it is a weakening of TSCA and not at all what Congress intended. Karyn Schmidt, senior director of Chemical Regulation, Regulatory and Technical Affairs at the industry group American Chemistry Council (ACC), disagrees. Its clear that the legacy uses are cases where EPA does not think it needs to prioritize its resources, she says. The framework rules do specify that EPA may consider background exposure to legacy uses of a chemical on a case-by-case basis, but Denison is skeptical about this approach. The rules dont provide any criteria as to how they would make that decisionwhen something would be considered and when it would not be, he says. Critics also claim the EPA is giving itself an alarming amount of discretion to decide in general what qualifies as a condition of use and what does not. In essence, Denison says, the agency can decide not to look at something because it does not think it is important. He notes the EPA has not provided criteria for how it would make this decision. It could do anything it wants, he says. Nicholas Ashford, director of the Technology and Law Program at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, voices a similar concern. A shift has been made under the present administration. They have decided not to go very far in looking at all the uses a chemical might have. Theyre basically subverting the purpose of the act, which is protection. The EPA and industry leaders dispute that the framework rules undermine the TSCA. I thought they were clearer, cleaner and more focused, says Lynn Bergeson, a lawyer whose firm Bergeson & Campbell specializes in chemical issues. She adds the new rules will result in a better use of EPA resources. Schmidt says the law will allow the agency to focus on the highest risks, rather than getting bogged down in looking at all the different uses for a substance. A chemical might be used in hundreds, thousands of commercial applications, she notes. Risk evaluations need to be driven by public health, and also yield results on a timeline. The EPA maintains its rules will support TSCA. The agency will make determinations for chemical substances in ways that are both protective and efficient, an EPA spokesperson wrote to Scientific American in an e-mail. This means directing greatest attention to those uses that pose the greatest potential for risk to health and the environment. Other experts point to the Trump administrations pro-industry stance as well as its connections with the chemical business as motivation for rewriting the rules. Industry wants to control what the use is stated to be, Steinzor says. They point to Nancy Beck, who previously worked for the ACC and is now deputy assistant administrator for the EPA office that oversees TSCA. Our concerns are magnified by the fact thatNancy Beck, who has a reputation over many years of being very favorable toward industry, is in charge of implementing TSCA at EPA, Steinzor wrote in an e-mail to Scientific American. According to Sachs, Beck has incredibly close ties to the chemical industry, adding that with EPA personnel coming from those backgrounds, the discretion they have will be tilted in favor of the chemical industry. Steinzor acknowledges that no one knows yet how the agency will actually enforce the law. But skeptics say their apprehensions are amplified by the anti-regulatory attitude of those leading the administration, including the president himself and EPA head Scott Pruitt as well as by the White Houses proposal to dramatically cut the agencys funding. My worries go beyond the wording of the framework rules to things like the budget and personnel who head the office, Sachs says. Environmental groups, however, intend to make sure the EPA fully enforces the TSCAlast week the Environmental Defense Fund, the Natural Resources Defense Council and others filed lawsuits intended to force the EPA to strengthen the framework rules. <N> WASHINGTON  The Trump administration, after heavy lobbying by the chemical industry, is scaling back the way the federal government determines health and safety risks associated with the most dangerous chemicals on the market, documents from the Environmental Protection Agency show. Under a law passed by Congress during the final year of the Obama administration, the E.P.A. was required for the first time to evaluate hundreds of potentially toxic chemicals and determine if they should face new restrictions, or even be removed from the market. The chemicals include many in everyday use, such as dry-cleaning solvents, paint strippers and substances used in health and beauty products like shampoos and cosmetics. But as it moves forward reviewing the first batch of 10 chemicals, the E.P.A. has in most cases decided to exclude from its calculations any potential exposure caused by the substances presence in the air, the ground or water, according to more than 1,500 pages of documents released last week by the agency. Instead, the agency will focus on possible harm caused by direct contact with a chemical in the workplace or elsewhere. The approach means that the improper disposal of chemicals  leading to the contamination of drinking water, for instance  will often not be a factor in deciding whether to restrict or ban them. <N> This story was produced and originally published by Newsweek and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration. The Environmental Protection Agency will not consider the health risks and impacts of asbestos already in the environment when evaluating the dangers associated with the chemical compound, Scott Pruitt, the agencys head, quietly announced last week. That means asbestos used in tiles, piping and adhesives throughout homes and businesses in the United States will remain largely unchecked and unaccounted for. Nearly 15,000 Americans die each year from asbestos-related diseases, but President Donald Trump has called the substance 100 percent safe, once applied. In his 1997 book, The Art of the Comeback, Trump argued that the association of the chemical with health risks was part of a mob-created conspiracy. I believe that the movement against asbestos was led by the mob, because it was often mob-related companies that would do the asbestos removal. Great pressure was put on politicians, and as usual, the politicians relented, he wrote. The Trump EPAs decision came in response to new amendments made to the Toxic Substances Control Act in 2016. The additions to the bill mandate that the EPA perform safety reviews of certain chemicals, require testing and public notice of safety info for said chemicals and allow the EPA to ban certain uses of asbestos (previously, the EPA did not have the authority to do so). The EPA announced last Friday that it would evaluate and require approval for new uses of asbestos but would not evaluate the health risks of asbestos already in the environment. The end result will be a seriously inadequate risk evaluation that fails to address major contributors to the heavy and growing toll of asbestos mortality and disease in the United States, said Linda Reinstein, president of the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization in a statement. Reinstein, whose husband developed Mesothelioma and passed away in 2006, told Newsweek that she met with Nancy Beck, deputy assistant administrator of the EPAs Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, on two occasions along with representatives from the AFL-CIO and the International Association of Fire Fighters. The group explained the hazards of legacy asbestos and presented over 100 studies confirming that low-dose asbestos exposure caused disease, but were shut down by Beck, she said. Beck was previously a senior director at the American Chemistry Council, a lobbyist group that represents Dow Chemical, DuPont, Monsanto and ExxonMobil Chemical. In August of 2016, the American Chemistry Council sent a letter to the EPA urging the agency to carefully consider its decision regarding asbestos evaluation as the chemical is essential to the chlor-alkali industry, which creates chlorine and sodium hydroxide for industrial use. They asked the EPA totake this into consideration as it determines whether to select asbestos among the initial 10 chemicals for risk evaluation under the changes to the Toxic Substances Control Act. Chemical lobbyist agencies including American Chemical Council held at least four meetings with the EPA last year regarding asbestos policy. If you dont evaluate the dangerous legacy of asbestos you dont know how much contamination still exists in the United States, Reinstein told Newsweek. We know its in our homes, schools, workplace and environment but the average American cant identify and evaluate the risk. We have taken risk evaluation off the table. The bipartisan updates made to the Toxic Substances Control Act by Congress were intended to give the EPA the ability to ban the use of these substances, some senators say. The environmental agency attempted to ban the use in 1989, but a federal court ruled that it lacked the authority to do so. In a bipartisan compromise, Congress moved to patch up the holes in our chemical review system when it updated the Toxic Substances Control Act. But Scott Pruitt and the Trump administration are presiding over an attack on not just the spirit, but also the actual content of the reform law, said Senator Edward J. Markey, a member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, in a statement. Thousands of people die from asbestos-related cancers every year. Asbestos and other toxic substances will continue to contaminate our environment because Trump administration policies are contaminating the EPA. Theres a lack of basic information in the United States about the extent to which public and private structures are contaminated by the chemical. A recent report found that the government has no record of how many schools contain asbestos materials. EPAs refusal to address longstanding concerns around the use and disposal of asbestos is further proof that Administrator Pruitt will bend over backwards to help industry, but wont lift a finger to protect public health, said Congressman Frank Pallone, Jr., ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. The EPA did say that it would take unprecedented action on asbestos by requiring new manufacturers and importers of asbestos to receive EPA approval before importing or processing the chemical. Reinstein, however, said that this is not a ban and that the largest users of asbestos will continue to use it. <N> Filming Pay Day Pay Day  was Chaplins last two-reeler, and again casts him in an unfamiliar role, as a working man and hen-pecked husband. It proved one of his most trouble-free productions and shooting was completed in one month. Like his earlier two-reelers it is divided into distinct acts. In the first part he is seen as a workman on a building site (it was actually shot on location on a new building in construction close to the studio) having trouble with bricks, the tools of his trade, and an elevator which at least has a convenient habit of delivering other peoples food to him. Sydney (Charlie's brother) and Charlie Chaplin in Pay Day  The second act shows the workman on a night out and gives Chaplin the possibility for a drunk act of the kind that had brought him fame in the English music halls of his youth. In the finale, he has to return home in the small hours of the morning to his virago wife, played by the veteran expert in such roles, Phyllis Allen. The film is particularly notable for the expertly shot night scenes of the second act. Phyllis Allen and Charlie Chaplin in Pay Day Text by David Robinson / Copyright 2004 MK2 SA <N> He may have been one of the most celebrated and iconic classic film stars of all time, but Charlie Chaplin wasn't winning any awards in the love department. We review his Hollywood matrimonies and their shocking twists. Charlie Chaplin, circa 1920. (Photo: Strauss-Peyton Studio (National Portrait Gallery) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons) One of the biggest movie stars of the 20th century, Charlie Chaplin exploded onto movie screens as unforgettable characters that changed Hollywood forever. Off screen however, a string of marital affairs, estranged children, and allegations of abuse with actresses half his age plagued the comedic actors reputation. Despite a prosperous film career, personal drama followed Chaplin worldwide, eventually forcing the star to flee the United States. On his 126th birthday, we review Chaplins Hollywood matrimonies and their shocking twists. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website False Alarm Mildred Harris, circa 1920. (Photo: Publicity photo taken by Hartsook Photo [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons) Perhaps Chaplins love life was doomed from the start considering his first marriage sprung out of wedlock. At the age of 29, Chaplin wed The Inferior Sex and For Husbands Only 16-year-old actress Mildred Harris whom he believed to be pregnant with his child. Unsurprisingly, the marriage only lasted two years and though Harris eventually gave birth to his first child, the baby died only three days later. Their marriage initially proved fruitful for Harris, who increasingly received movie offers; however Chaplin was unsupportive and questioned her talent because of her young age. This behavior would manifest as a toxic pattern for Chaplin. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Public Scandal Lita Grey in 1925. (Photo: Studio work for hire ([2]) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons) Chaplin quickly moved on to his second wife, Lita Grey in 1924, whom he cast in his film, The Gold Rush. Once again, the 16-year-old actress claimed to have been forced to marry Chaplin after becoming pregnant unexpectedly. Later, in a messy 50-page divorce, Grey revealed Chaplins abusive measures to conceal their private affairs, including his demand for an abortion after the pregnancy. Grey endured the matrimony for three years and gave birth to two sons before finally walking away. Their bitter court battle added fuel to the fire, with Grey profiting a whopping $100,000 per child, and publicly defaming Chaplin as a manipulative playboy. Their divorce was the biggest public Hollywood scandal at the time, defaming Chaplins name. Control Freak Paulette Goddard in a publicity portrait in 1936. (Photo: Studio publicity still (Dr. Macro) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons) Undeterred by his failed relationships, Chaplin continued working as the biggest film star of his generation. Nine years later, he married former child fashion model and Broadway star, Paulette Goddard. Goddard, 22 when they first met, lied to Chaplin, claiming to be 17 which didnt stop Chaplin from moving her into his mansion shortly after. Conflicting sources question the legality of the marriage, nonetheless, the couple lasted seven years before Chaplins jealousy drifted them apart. Chaplins bullish ways resurfaced as his attempts to control Goddards career pushed her to her limits. The couple split shortly after the 1940 premiere of their film, The Great Dictator. Unlike his former wives though, Goddard was an independent twenty-something starlet who found success before and after their relationship, landing contracts with Paramount Studios. Fourth Times A Charm Oona ONeill in Santa Barbara in 1943. (Photo: Associated Press (Ebay) [Public domain], via Wikimedia Commons) In his 50s and with a mockery of dysfunctional marriages behind him, its surprising that Chaplin found true love in his fourth marriage with 18-year-old Oona ONeill, daughter of Pulitzer Prize-winner Eugene ONeill. An aspiring actress, Oona had previously dated J.D. Salinger and Orson Welles before settling down with a man her fathers age in 1943. Their age difference held no barrier and the two were inseparable, bearing eight children and building a life in Switzerland, before returning to the U.S. after exile. The inexplicable magic shared between the two kept them in marital bliss with ONeill looking after Chaplins health till his passing in 1977. <N> Determined to end four years of often-brutal German occupation, on 6 June 1944, Allied forces invaded Western Europe along an 80-kilometre front in Normandy, France. Of the nearly 150,000 Allied troops who landed or parachuted into the invasion area, 14,000 were Canadians. They assaulted a beachfront code-named Juno, while Canadian paratroopers landed just east of the assault beaches. Although the Allies encountered German defences bristling with artillery, machine guns, mines, and booby-traps, the invasion was a success. Other Canadians helped achieve this victory. The Royal Canadian Navy contributed 110 ships and 10,000 sailors in support of the landings while the R.C.A.F. had helped prepare the invasion by bombing targets inland. On D- Day and during the ensuing campaign, 15 R.C.A.F. fighter and fighter-bomber squadrons helped control the skies over Normandy and attacked enemy targets. On D-Day, Canadians suffered 1074 casualties, including 359 killed. See also : Canadian Newspapers and the Second World War : D-Day and the Normandy Campaign <N> He saw action during WWII and in outer space. His exploits inspired many to enter the engineering profession, while one followed him to the moon. He speaks with a Scottish accent even though he is not Scottish. As far as the Scots are concerned, he has yet to be born. James Montgomery Jimmy Doohan was born to Irish immigrants in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on March 3, 1920. His father, William, was a pharmacist who apparently invented a form of high-octane gas in 1923. Whether or not that is true, Doohan grew up in a house familiar with science and creative invention. When the family moved to Ontario, he enrolled at the Sarnia Collegiate Institute and Technical School (SCITS) where he showed an aptitude for maths and science. In 1938, he joined the 102nd Royal Canadian Army Cadet Corps. The year after saw him with the Royal Canadian Artillery, 14th (Midland) Field Battery of the 2nd Canadian Infantry Division. Doohan did so well he became a Commissioned Lieutenant with the 14th Field Artillery Regiment of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division. In 1940, he was sent to England for further training. Fast forward to D-Day  the Allied Invasion of France on June 6, 1944. The British, Americans and Canadians were each assigned a portion of Frances Normandy beaches. The Canadians were allocated the area from the village of Courseulles all the way to Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer  codenamed Juno Beach. Doohans division was to secure the Caen-Bayeux road and take the Carpiquet Airport, west of Caen. It would not be easy. Facing them were two battalions of the German 716th Infantry Division. There were also troops from the 21st Panzer Division holed up near Caen. As a final precaution, the Germans had strewn the beaches with anti-tank mines. The Allies had prepared. The night before, their planes had blasted the German positions. As the landings would happen before dawn the next day, the Canadians would not be visible. Or so the thinking went. It did not turn as planned. The aerial bombardment had not been as effective as the Allies had hoped due to lousy weather and poor visibility  the pilots could not hit their targets. The coastal defenses at Juno were almost unscathed. It got worse. Rough weather and high waves delayed the landings until well after the sun had risen on June 6. No cover of darkness. Out at sea, Doohan felt queasy, but it was not because of what lay ahead. He later told the Associated Press, We were more afraid of drowning than (we were of) the Germans. It would not last. The first Canadians reached Juno Beach at 7:35 AM and were cut down. Fortunately for them, the HMS Ajax had bombed Juno earlier, doing more damage to the coastal defenses than the planes had. After two hours, they had swept aside most of the Germans on their stretch of the beach. Doohan led his men across the sands and got lucky. Despite the anti-tank mines beneath their feet, none went off, as the men were not heavy enough to activate them. As they made their way to higher ground, Doohan managed to take out two German snipers  his first kills of the war. By noon, they had secured their positions. They could rest, as well as deal with their dead and wounded. There was, however, a problem. The beach was so thick with Canadians the later arrivals could not advance. As darkness fell, there was a risk they would end up shooting at each other  which was exactly what happened; not just at Juno Beach, but also at the other landing sites. At about 11:20 that evening, Doohan finished a cigarette and patted the silver cigarette case he kept in his breast pocket. It had been given to him by his brother as a good luck charm and a good thing, too. Some ten minutes later, he was walking back to his command post when he was shot. Six times. By a Bren Gun. The first four bullets slammed into his leg, the fourth whacked him in the chest, while the sixth took off his right middle finger. It was not a German sniper. He had been shot by a nervous, trigger-happy Canadian sentry. Fortunately, the cigarette case stopped the bullet aimed at his chest. Doohan later joked it was the only time being a smoker saved his life. After recovering, he learned to fly a Taylorcraft Auster Mark IV plane for the 666 (AOP) Squadron. By then, he was an Officer with the Royal Canadian Artillery, supporting the 1st Army Group Royal Artillery at RAF Andover, Hampshire. In early 1945, he flew his plane between two telegraph poles to prove it could be done. He got into trouble for that, and everyone called him the craziest pilot in the Canadian Air Force. After the war, he returned to Canada where he heard a radio drama. Believing he could do a better job than the voice actors, Doohan took up drama and earned a scholarship to New York City. His first job was with CBC radio on January 12, 1946. He would go on to do 4,000 shows on radio, 450 on TV, and earn a reputation as the most versatile voice actor in the business. It was in 1965, however, that he indeed entered history when he landed the role of Montgomery Scotty Scott in Star Trek. As well as playing the role of Chief Engineer for the Starship Enterprise, Doohan also helped develop the Klingon and Vulcan languages. He became so iconic that fans credit him with their interest in engineering, astronomy, and other technical fields. Among these was the engineer-turned-astronaut, Neil Armstrong, who personally thanked Doohan in 2004. Doohan died in 2005. To honor him, the SpaceLoft XL rocket took some of his ashes into space. Two years later, the Scottish town of Linlithgow claimed him as one of their own with a predictive commemorative plaque. Predictive, because it claims he will be born there on 2222. <N> This outstanding overview of D-Day makes clear its great importance in military and world history, identifies mistakes committed on both sides, and explains all aspects of the 1944 Allied invasion of France and the Normandy Campaign that followed.  Emphasizes the monumental significance of D-Day but also stresses the extent of the operation, the mistakes committed on both sides, and why it and the Normandy Campaign that followed were ultimately successful  Provides information that is accessible to high school and undergraduate students and will interest general readers interested in World War II history  Includes 9 key primary source documents, four appendices, a bibliography of books on the subject, and a timeline of critical events <N> Ive just finished the second of Tim Cook s books on the role of Canadians in World War II. This review covers both volumes The Necessary War: 19391943 and Fight to the Finish: Canadians in the Second World War, 1944-1945 Thru these books, Ive gained a new appreciation of the part the Canadian fighters played. I had read on the Nazis, the holocaust, the Resistance, the generals and the politicians who called the shot but not on the soldiers who actually won the war. Some movies Memphis Belle and Saving Private Ryan come to mindhave given me an inkling of what it was like at the front but those films always show us very circumscribed events. They do not begin to tell us what it must have been like to risk your life for years on end and see your friends blown to smithereens beside you. And none of these movies or books ever presents us the Canadian point of view.Last fall, my spouse and I went to the International Festival of Authors in Toronto. Tim Cook was on the panel of one of the presentations we attended. After the show, there was a singing session and Daniel bought the first book of the series The Necessary War. He finished it, wanted to continue on to the next one and told me that I would like it. Im glad he did. These two books are necessary reading for all Canadians. I realized how little I knew about the Second World War. I could have told you some major events and could have made an attempt at sorting them in chronological order, but the result would have been a poor skeleton on which most of the bones would have been missing. These books filled the gap. Now I can say on which front the Canadians have battled and when. The author does a very good job by both showing us the big picture and by giving us the small details to remind us that the war was fought by human beings.The first book covers at length the Battle for the Atlantic. I had heard anecdotal stories of U-boat creeping up the St-Lawrence but knew nothing about the building of the Canadian fleet, the sacrifice of our navy to ensure a safe passage to cargo ships resupplying England and the lives lost in the cold Atlantic by both our marine (1,990) and the Merchant Navy (1,629).I remembered that Canadian had fought in Italy but I always saw that front as a comedy almost with the Italian playing the buffoons. I didnt understand how the German defended every kilometre of land. I was as ignorant as Lady Astor (the first woman to sit as an MP in the British House of Common), who suggested that the soldiers who were in Italy had dodged their duty by not fighting in Normandy; I had never heard of our victory at Ortona and didnt know that 5,399 Canadians were killed and 19,486 wounded during the Italian campaign.Everybody knowsor should knowthat D-Day was on June 6, 1944, but very few people understand that the battle for Normandy lasted 77 days.And who, among civilians, have heard about the Battle of the Scheldt where the Canadian fought in Netherlands to open the port of Antwerp and free the starving Dutch to whom they are heroes to this day.Tim Cook, a military historian at the Canadian War Museum, combines amazing research with quotes taken from letters written by the soldiers at the front. With this book he gives a voice to those young men whose voice was silenced forever. He shows respect by always naming them in full, giving their rank and the unit in which they serve. He is a one man cheering section for the Canadian who fought bravely to preserve our liberty and rid the world of evil. He is never neutral but is overtly on the side of the sailors, the bomber crew and the infantrymen to whom we owe everything.His book doesnt end with the peace treaty but follows the veterans thru the present time, regretting that not more has been done to remember their huge sacrifice. He is visibly angry about the poor treatment of the First Nations soldiers who were not informed of the many options open to them and on how the merchant seamen were cheated.These books left me with many regrets; that they were published too late for most veterans to read them; that I have been ungrateful all to the soldiers who, by their sacrifice, allowed me to lead a peaceful and safe life in a free country. To quote Major A. J. Hamilton, who served with the Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry Highlanders, ...we worry whether our children are taught the price for the freedom they take for granted.  I not forget and pay my dues by visiting Ottawas war museum this year. <N> Show Hide article text  'Scotty' praises Spielberg for 'Private Ryan' By Jerry Tallmer New York Times James Doohan can sympathize with the mother in "Saving Private Ryan," who collapses upon seeing a military car approaching her house, apparently with news of death. Doohan, best known as Scotty in "Star Trek," served in D-Day with the Canadian forces and was injured so badly that he was shipped to England to recover. Watching the scene where the mother learns the news, Doohan couldn't help but think of his own mother. He was so moved that he dropped a note to director Steven Spielberg that began: "Dear Mr. Spielberg, You know me as Scotty ..." and went on from there with a few words of praise and thanks for that stunning motion picture. "To tell the honest truth," Doohan said of the note some weeks later, "I suffered through the first 25 minutes of the movie" a ferocious re-enactment of the U.S. landing at Omaha Beach on D-Day, June 6, 1944. "When I wrote Spielberg I told him I'd landed on Juno Juno Beach, the Canadian landing site on D-Day, which was nothing as horrid as the Omaha disaster." Not horrid, perhaps, but bad enough. He and his men landed unscathed on Juno, then fought their way successfully into the Normandy peninsula as far as the town of Courseulles that first day. But Artillery Lt. James Doohan of D Company, Winnipeg Kifles, 13th Field Regiment, Royal Canadian Army, ended up just before midnight plugged by eight German bullets. . Four hit his left knee, three took out the middle finger of his right hand, and one was deflected from killing him by a sterling-silver cigarette case in the breast pocket of his jacket. "I still have that cigarette case today," the husky 78-year-old Doohan said through his walrus moustache, shooting his eyebrows. A beaming countenance You know him as Scotty Chief Engineer Montgomery Scott of the Federation starship "Enterprise" as does everybody who went around saying: "Beam me up, Scotty." Doohan portrayed the character in the 79 episodes of TVs "Star Trek" from 1966 to 1969, and reprised the role in seven "Star Trek" movies. Actually, he insists, the exact line was "'Beam me up, Mr. Scott.' The fans made it 'Beam me up, Scotty.' " And the line that Scotty kept having to repeat to Capt. Kirk (William Shatner) was: "Captain, my engines just can't take it." Doohan is not a Scot. He was "conceived in Northern Ireland, born in Vancouver, British Columbia, grew up in loco, B.C., a town named for the Imperial Oil Company," and his blood is mostly or entirely Irish. It was when, as an actor with 20 years' experience, he was auditioning for "Star Trek" in 1965 "reading a girl's part in eight different accents, because I could do any accent" that he was asked by "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry which of those accents he preferred. " 'Well,' I said, 'if I'm to be an engineer, it had better be as a Scotsman, because they make the best engineers," Doohan said. "And then I named him Montgomery Scott, right off the top of my head, in honor of my grandfather, James Montgomery." On D-Day, the grandson of James Montgomery was in charge of a landing craft carrying 33 beach commandos, engineers and signalmen. "We were supposed to hit the beach at 7 a.m.," Doohan said, "but a torpedo boat cut across our bow, saying by loudspeaker: 'H-Hour postponed 30 minutes,' because we didn't know it then the bombers were supposed to have decimated the shore, but the clouds were too low for the bombers. So that didn't happen. "We landed safely, thank God, through those Y-shaped steel barriers you see in the film, tracer bullets, all that, none of our men hurt, and dashed 75 yards to the 7-foot-tall dunes," Doohan said. "Crossed a minefield, found out about it later. It was meant to blow up tanks, and we weren't heavy enough. Moved up through a town hardly a town, just a village called Grave sur mer, saw a church tower that was a machine-gun post, firing off to our left." Doohan took out the machine-gun post with a couple of shots. "I don't know if they were killed or wounded, but it shut them up," he said. His unit brought up its artillery pieces, 24 American 105mm guns, and by then it was nightfall. His mother was told that German bullets had hit him at 11:30 p.m. on D-Day as he was returning from a forward gun position. He walked a quarter-mile "the adrenaline lets you do it to the regimental aid post, Doohan said. He knew about his right hand and the whack on his chest against that cigarette case, but that was all. "The medic said: 'You also have four bullets in your left knee.' I said: 'Well, I walked here.' " <N>  Texas sisters Andria, 8, and Zoey Green, 7, wanted to raise about $100 to take their dad to Splash Kingdom as a Father's Day present, so they set up a traditional neighborhood lemonade stand. According to ABC affiliate KLTV , about an hour later and after a $25 profit, Overton police showed up and shut the lemonade stand down because the Green sisters did not have a "Peddler's Permit," which comes with a $150 fee. JUST WATCHED Why was this lemonade stand shut down? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why was this lemonade stand shut down? 01:51 "We had kettle corn and lemonade. The lemonade was for 50 cents and the kettle corn was a dollar, but if you got both it was a dollar." Zoey told KLTV. And while the city agreed to waive the $150 permit fee for the Green sisters, they found out they also need approval from the health department. Read More <N> It's hardly unusual to hear small-business owners gripe about licensing requirements or complain that heavy-handed regulations are driving them into the red. So when Multnomah County shut down an enterprise last week for operating without a license, you might just sigh and say, there they go again. Except this entrepreneur was a 7-year-old named Julie Murphy. Her business was a lemonade stand at the Last Thursday monthly art fair in Northeast Portland. The government regulation she violated? Failing to get a $120 temporary restaurant license. Turns out that kids' lemonade stands -- those constants of summertime -- are supposed to get a permit in Oregon, particularly at big events that happen to be patrolled regularly by county health inspectors. "I understand the reason behind what they're doing and it's a neighborhood event, and they're trying to generate revenue," said Jon Kawaguchi, environmental health supervisor for the Multnomah County Health Department. "But we still need to put the public's health first." Julie had become enamored of the idea of having a stand after watching an episode of cartoon pig Olivia running one, said her mother, Maria Fife. The two live in Oregon City, but Fife knew her daughter would get few customers if she set up her stand at home. Plus, Fife had just attended Last Thursday along Portland's Northeast Alberta Street for the first time and loved the friendly feel and the diversity of the grass-roots event. She put the two things together and promised to take her daughter in July. The girl worked on a sign, coloring in the letters and decorating it with a drawing of a person saying "Yummy." She made a list of supplies. Then, with gallons of bottled water and packets of Kool-Aid, they drove up last Thursday with a friend and her daughter. They loaded a wheelbarrow that Julie steered to the corner of Northeast 26th and Alberta and settled into a space between a painter and a couple who sold handmade bags and kids' clothing. Even before her daughter had finished making the first batch of lemonade, a man walked up to buy a 50-cent cup. "They wanted to support a little 7-year-old to earn a little extra summer loot," she said. "People know what's going on." Even so, Julie was careful about making the lemonade, cleaning her hands with hand sanitizer, using a scoop for the bagged ice and keeping everything covered when it wasn't in use, Fife said. After 20 minutes, a "lady with a clipboard" came over and asked for their license. When Fife explained they didn't have one, the woman told them they would need to leave or possibly face a $500 fine. Surprised, Fife started to pack up. The people staffing the booths next to them encouraged the two to stay, telling them the inspectors had no right to kick them out of the neighborhood gathering. They also suggested that they give away the lemonade and accept donations instead and one of them made an announcement to the crowd to support the lemonade stand. That's when business really picked up -- and two inspectors came back, Fife said. Julie started crying, while her mother packed up and others confronted the inspectors. "It was a very big scene," Fife said. Technically, any lemonade stand -- even one on your front lawn -- must be licensed under state law, said Eric Pippert, the food-borne illness prevention program manager for the state's public health division. But county inspectors are unlikely to go after kids selling lemonade on their front lawn unless, he conceded, their front lawn happens to be on Alberta Street during Last Thursday. "When you go to a public event and set up shop, you're suddenly engaging in commerce," he said. "The fact that you're small-scale I don't think is relevant." Kawaguchi, who oversees the two county inspectors involved, said they must be fair and consistent in their monitoring, no matter the age of the person. "Our role is to protect the public," he said. The county's shutdown of the lemonade stand was publicized by Michael Franklin, the man at the booth next to Fife and her daughter. Franklin contributes to the Bottom Up Radio Network, an online anarchist site, and interviewed Fife for his show. Franklin is also organizing a "Lemonade Revolt" for Last Thursday in August. He's calling on anarchists, neighbors and others to come early for the event and grab space for lemonade stands on Alberta between Northeast 25th and Northeast 26th. As for Julie, the 7-year-old still tells her mother "it was a bad day." When she complains about the health inspector, Fife reminds her that the woman was just doing her job. She also promised to help her try again -- at an upcoming neighborhood garage sale. While Fife said she does see the need for some food safety regulation, she thinks the county went too far in trying to control events as unstructured as Last Thursday. "As far as Last Thursday is concerned, people know when they are coming there that it's more or less a free-for-all," she said. "It's gotten to the point where they need to be in all of our decisions. They don't trust us to make good choices on our own." -- Helen Jung <N> ADVERTISEMENT Over the last 30 years, it seems like it has gotten a little tougher for kids to start that most Norman Rockwell of ventures, the lemonade stand. Back in the 1980s and 1990s there were a few instances of local governments shutting kids' stands down for various reasons, although officials typically bowed to public pressure and allowed them to reopen. In 1983, 6-year-old Ali Thorn's lemonade stand in Belleair, Fla., was closed down after police received an anonymous complaint that her sign did not comply with city ordinances, but was quickly allowed to reopen. In 1988, 9-year-old Max Schilling's seven-foot high lemonade stand in Watchung, N.J., was shuttered after city officials claimed it was a permanent structure that sat too close to the street and threatened to fine him $500 a day. After a brief legal fight, Schilling's stand was allowed to reopen. In 1993, 12-year-old Sarah Knott and 13-year-old Margaret Johnson's stand in Charleston, S.C., was shut down by police officers because they didn't have a peddler's license. However, after a public outcry, the city apologized to the girls and allowed them to continue. More recently, though, local enforcement of lemonade stands seems to have grown stricter, or at least, more noticeable. The libertarian Freedom Center of Missouri has produced a map to show the locations of these incidents. In 2010, 7-year-old Julie Murphy's lemonade stand in Portland, Ore., was shuttered because she did not have a temporary restaurant permit, a license that carries a $120 fee, although that decision was later reversed with a Multnomah County chairman admitting that food inspectors may have overstepped their bounds, saying, "A 7-year-old selling lemonade isn't the same as a grown-up selling burritos out of a cart." In 2011, in Midway, Ga., a lemonade stand run by Kasity Dixon, 14, Tiffany Cassin, 12, and Skylar Roberts, 10 was shuttered because they didn't have a business license, a peddler's permit, or a food permit, all of which would have cost them $50 a day to obtain for temporary use or $180 for the year. Despite national media attention and complaints from residents, the city wouldn't back down. And also in 2011, Caitlin and Abigail Mills' girl scout cookie stand in Hazelwood, Mo., was closed for violating an ordinance banning the sale of items from a residential property. The girls' family attempted to sue the city, but the case appears to have been dropped. Let's not overstate it, though. Lemonade stand-shutdowns are not reaching epidemic-like levels, and no one is going to cart off little Suzie to jail for selling cookies outside her house. That said, there is something absurd about shutting down lemonade stands, even if it's still relatively rare. The main risk of a tougher approach to children running food stands  and especially demanding that kids comply with costly licensing and strict city zoning laws  is that children will lose out on the entrepreneurial experience of running their first business, serving customers, and making money. If we want to have an entrepreneurial culture, where people innovate and take risks to build businesses, there has to be a certain amount of freedom and space for the young to learn these skills. While navigating bureaucracy is definitely a useful entrepreneurial skill, expecting kids or their parents to fork out hundreds of dollars for a license to run their first business is punitive and anti-entrepreneurial. And every hour and dollar spent on inspecting or shutting down children's lemonade stands on technicalities is an hour and dollar not spent on inspecting food safety in actual restaurants, food processing facilities, and stores  places where a lapse in food safety could expose hundreds or thousands of people to illness. And while city zoning laws are useful for keeping heavy industry away from homes, selling lemonade or girl scout cookies is really a residential activity. Many of the world's most famous businesses  Amazon, Apple, Disney, Google, Hewlett Packard  were started in garages. An entrepreneurial culture requires the freedom to start a business at home. If we stop businesses and businesspeople from developing, we lose the benefits that come down the road, like job creation and innovation (not that little Suzie's lemonade stand will likely grow to rival Tropicana, but you get the point...). The sooner cities and counties realize this, and stop wasting resources going after the entrepreneurs of tomorrow, the better. <N> WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court on Monday ruled in favor of a Colorado baker who had refused to create a wedding cake for a gay couple. The courts decision was narrow, and it left open the larger question of whether a business can discriminate against gay men and lesbians based on rights protected by the First Amendment. The court passed on an opportunity to either bolster the right to same-sex marriage or explain how far the government can go in regulating businesses run on religious principles. Instead, Justice Anthony M. Kennedys majority opinion turned on the argument that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission, which originally ruled against the baker, had been shown to be hostile to religion because of the remarks of one of its members. At the same time, Justice Kennedy strongly reaffirmed protections for gay rights. The outcome of cases like this in other circumstances must await further elaboration in the courts, he wrote, all in the context of recognizing that these disputes must be resolved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to indignities when they seek goods and services in an open market. Justice Kennedy often casts the deciding vote in closely divided cases on major social issues. When the court agreed to hear the Colorado case last June, it seemed to present him with a stark choice between two of his core commitments. On the one hand, Justice Kennedy has written every major Supreme Court decision protecting gay men and lesbians. On the other, he is the courts most ardent defender of free speech. <N> To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about CLOSE A Tennessee store owner decided to express his beliefs following the Supreme Court's ruling allowing same-sex marriage by putting up a sign that reads, "No Gays Allowed." VPC An East Tennessee store owner put up a 'No Gays Allowed' sign because gay and lesbian couples are against his religion. (Photo: WBIR) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENT EMAIL MORE An East Tennessee hardware store owner decided to express his beliefs following the Supreme Court's ruling allowing same-sex marriage by putting up a sign that reads, "No Gays Allowed." Jeff Amyx, who owns Amyx Hardware & Roofing Supplies in Grainger County, Tennessee., about an hour outside of Knoxville, added the "No Gays Allowed" sign on Monday, because gay and lesbian couples are against his religion. Amyx, who is also a baptist minister, said he realized Monday morning that LGBT people are not afraid to stand for what they believe in. He said it showed him that Christian people should be brave enough to stand for what they believe in. "They gladly stand for what they believe in, why can't I? They believe their way is right, I believe it's wrong. But yet I'm going to take more persecution than them because I'm standing for what I believe in," Amyx said. On Tuesday, Amyx removed the "No Gays allowed" sign and replaced it with a sign that says: "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone who would violate our rights of freedom of speech & freedom of religion." New sign at Amyx Hardware & Roofing Supplies (Photo: WBIR) He said he has no plans to take the new sign down. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENT EMAIL MORE Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> Obergefell v. Hodges Linked with: Holding: The Fourteenth Amendment requires a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out-of-state. Judgment: Reversed, 5-4, in an opinion by Justice Kennedy on June 26, 2015. Chief Justice Roberts filed a dissenting opinion, in which Justices Scalia and Thomas joined. Justice Scalia filed a dissenting opinion, in which Justice Thomas joined. Justice Thomas filed a dissenting opinion, in which Justice Scalia joined. Justice Alito filed a dissenting opinion, in which Justices Scalia and Thomas joined. SCOTUSblog Coverage <N> 'No Gays Allowed,' Grainger County store owner defends controversial sign Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved Video WASHBURN (WATE) - A Grainger County store owner said he is simply voicing his freedom of religion and speech after posting a sign that has the community talking. Phones at Amyx Hardware have been ringing non-stop after he posted a sign reading "No Gays Allowed" outside of his store in Washburn. "A lot of people have called me and congratulated me," said owner Jeff Amyx. But other calls are on the other side of spectrum. "People calling and threatening me. Telling me I would regret this. No I'll never regret this," said Amyx. A WATE 6 On Your Side viewer snapped a photo of the sign and sent it to the newsroom. "The reason I put up the sign is to let the homosexual people know that there are Christian people that are willing to take a stand," said Amyx. On Tuesday, Amyx took down the "No Gays Allowed" sign and put up a sign that reads "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone who would violate our rights of freedom of speech and freedom of religion." "People told me I ought to do it a little bit more, make it a little nicer because I'm a very blunt person," added Amyx. The signs are raising some questions in the Washburn community about how Amyx would even know someone was gay, "It's his business. He can do whatever he wants. If he wants gays to stay out then that's his preference," said homeowner Marvin Williams. But Amyx wants to make sure one thing is clear, "I don't hate people. It's not the people I hate, it's the sin that I hate." He simply asks for respect, which in turn he says he'll show if a customer is homosexual. "Well I might preach to you a little while," said Amyx. And there's no telling what tomorrow may look like for the hardware store. "Until they tell me it is illegal to have my freedom of speech and to my freedom of religion, the sign will stay," said Amyx. He said he is not worried about business at his hardware store. He simply felt compelled to take a stand. Hedy Weinberg, the executive director at Tennessee's chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union made this statement: "Gay and lesbian people are our neighbors, coworkers, family members and friends. When it comes to being able to be served by a business, they should be treated like anyone else. Religion should not be used as an excuse to discriminate against LGBT people. Businesses that are open to the public should be open to everyone on the same terms." <N> Grainger County store owner sells out of anti-gay merchandise Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved Video WASHBURN (WATE)  At Jeff Amyx's hardware store in Grainger County there's no smoking and no service without shoes and a shirt, but what's causing all the commotion is his "no gays allowed" rule. Amyx said he has received bundles of hate mail after he posted a controversial "No Gays Allowed" sign outside his store in Washburn. However, he says the sign has only brought more people in to the store. Now, he's printing anti-gay messages on hats and bumper stickers. Grainger County store owner sells out of anti-gay merchandise Gallery 1 Previous story: No Gays Allowed,' Grainger County store owner defends controversial sign "God created Adam and Eve not Adam and Steve," said Amyx."I just don't agree with their lifestyle. I don't want any part of it, I don't want it around me and I'll never agree with it." Now that message is spreading beyond the front door of his store. He's selling hats and bumper stickers, at cost, that say "Choose God or Gays." Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved "I'm just doing it because people have asked me for it," said Amyx. Not everyone agrees with the hardware store owner's message. "This is definitely hurtful. The fact that he is selling merchandise that is saying "choose God or Gays." It doesn't really help those who are Christian and identify as LGBT as myself," said Gwen Schablik with the Tennessee Equality Project. She adds that there are there are numerous businesses that support lesbian, gay, bi-sexual and transgender rights through their Tennessee Open for Business program. Despite all of the hate mail Amyx has received, the Washburn business owner said already sold out of hats and bumper stickers and he's having more shipped in by the end of the week. He said there's a possibility he will sell shirts as well <N> The Supreme Court is set aside a Colorado court ruling against the owner of Masterpiece Cakeshop who cited religious freedom and wouldn't make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple. But the highest court in the land is not deciding the big issue in the case  whether a business can refuse to serve gay and lesbian people. The Supreme Court justices' limited ruling Monday turns on what the court described as anti-religious bias on the Colorado Civil Rights Commission when it ruled against baker Jack Phillips. They voted 7-2 that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission violated Phillips' rights under the First Amendment. The clash at the high court pitted Phillips' First Amendment claims of artistic freedom against the anti-discrimination arguments of the Colorado Civil Rights Commission, and the two men Phillips turned away in 2012. The Denver-area baker cited his Christian faith in refusing to make a cake for their wedding celebration. Phillips, owner of Masterpiece Cakeshop in Lakewood, was previously judged through multiple phases of litigation to have violated Colorado's anti-discrimination law. Through his lawyers, he argued before the highest court in the land that he's an artist who should not be compelled to create a cake that contradicts his religious views. In his majority opinion, Justice Anthony Kennedy said that the issue "must await further elaboration." Appeals in similar cases are pending, including one at the Supreme Court from a florist who didn't want to provide flowers for a same-sex wedding. The Department of Justice welcomed the ruling in a statement, saying they "pleased" the the court's decision. "The Supreme Court rightly concluded that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission failed to show tolerance and respect for Mr. Phillips' religious beliefs. In this case and others, the Department of Justice will continue to vigorously defend the free speech and religious freedom First Amendment rights of all Americans," the Justice department said in a statement. Senior Counsel Kristen Waggoner of the Alliance Defending Freedom who represented Philips said in a statement following the court's ruling, "Jack serves all customers; he simply declines to express messages or celebrate events that violate his deeply held beliefs." Waggoner added, "Creative professionals who serve all people should be free to create art consistent with their convictions without the threat of government punishment. Government hostility toward people of faith has no place in our society, yet the state of Colorado was openly antagonistic toward Jack's religious beliefs about marriage. The court was right to condemn that. Tolerance and respect for good-faith differences of opinion are essential in a society like ours. This decision makes clear that the government must respect Jack's beliefs about marriage." Read the full SCOTUS opinion here: LGBTQ advocates, including Lambda Legal, quickly condemned the court's ruling, citing critical setbacks in equal rights. Lambda Legal CEO Rachel B. Tiven said in a statement on Monday, "The Court today has offered dangerous encouragement to those who would deny civil rights to LGBT people and people living with HIV. " Tiven added, "This is a deeply disappointing day in American jurisprudence. Today's decision should have been a firm, direct affirmance of longstanding equality law. Instead, the Supreme Court has become an accomplice in the right's strategy to hollow out one of its finest achievements, the right to equal marriage, and create what Justice Ginsberg memorably termed 'skim milk marriages.' We will continue to fight in every arena and in every court until LGBT people and people living with HIV have full equality under the law in every aspect of our lives. We deserve no less." The ACLU, however argued that Monday's ruling "reaffirmed the core principle that businesses open to the public must be open to all in Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission. The court did not accept arguments that would have turned back the clock on equality by making our basic civil rights protections unenforceable, but reversed this case based on concerns specific to the facts here." The American Civil Liberties Union argued the case on behalf of Charlie Craig and David Mullins, who were refused service at the Colorado bakery. "The court reversed the Masterpiece Cakeshop decision based on concerns unique to the case but reaffirmed its longstanding rule that states can prevent the harms of discrimination in the marketplace, including against LGBT people," said Louise Melling, deputy legal director of the ACLU. Craig and Mullins released a joint statement as well saying, "Today's decision means our fight against discrimination and unfair treatment will continue." "We have always believed that in America, you should not be turned away from a business open to the public because of who you are. We brought this case because no one should have to face the shame, embarrassment, and humiliation of being told 'we don't serve your kind here' that we faced, and we will continue fighting until no one does," the couple added. This is a developing story and will be updated. <N> EDITORS NOTE: The story has been updated to clarify the timeline of the signs posted on the Amyx Hardware door. When the Supreme Court ruled making same-sex marriage legal in 2015, Jeff Amyx ensured everyone walking into his Grainger County hardware store knew his beliefs. Nearly three years later after he made national headlines for a handwritten sign reading 'NO GAYS ALLOWED,' Amyx said Monday's Supreme Court ruling in favor of a Colorado baker who refused to make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple is a win for Christians. Amyx said in 2015, he put the sign up originally because gay and lesbian couples were against his religion and he believed he should stand for what he believed in as a Christian. He took it down and replaced it with another that said: "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone who would violate our rights of freedom of speech & freedom of religion." Amyx says that sign was only posted for two days before he replaced it with a sign bearing the original message. Amyx says the "NO GAYS ALLOWED" sign has been posted on his shop's door for the past three years. For Amyx, the Supreme Court ruling came as a surprise. PREVIOUS: Supreme Court rules for baker who refused to create same-sex couple's wedding cake "I was shocked. I was really shocked because of the track record of our Supreme Court," Amyx said. Stewart Harris, associate director of the Abraham Lincoln Institute for the Study of Leadership and Public Policy at Lincoln Memorial University, said the court's opinion was narrow -- meaning it pertains specifically to the case of the baker and doesn't dive into the larger issues many people expected the case to resolve. "There're two very important constitutional issues here at least. On one side, you've got equality. It actually came to us in the form of a state statute, but still the idea is that the law has to treat everyone equally. On the other side, you've got the freedom of religion and freedom of expression," Harris said. "Of all those issues, the only one they even sort of tangentially addressed was free exercise of religion." The Supreme Court said in the case against the baker, the Colorado Civil Rights Commission showed 'clear and impermissible hostility' toward the baker's religious beliefs. "Justice Kennedy in his majority opinion specifically said that we're going to have to resolve these issue in another case," Harris said. "Once they have that, then the issues will be squarely in front of them, or at least some issues will be squarely in front of them and perhaps they can resolve something that will help the rest of us come to a consensus on the difficult questions." As for Amyx, he fears that when the next case makes it to the courts, the decision will be different. "Christianity is under attack. This is a great win, don't get me wrong, but this is not the end, this is just the beginning," Amyx said. "Right now we're seeing a ray of sunshine. This is 'happy days' for Christians all over America, but dark days will come."  2018 WBIR <N> Tom Kiefer was a Customs and Border Protection janitor for almost four years before he took a good look inside the trash. Every day at workat the C.B.P. processing center in Ajo, Arizona, less than fifty miles from the border with Mexicohe would throw away bags full of items confiscated from undocumented migrants apprehended in the desert. One day in 2007, he was rummaging through these bags looking for packaged food, which hed received permission to donate to a local pantry. In the process, he also noticed toothbrushes, rosaries, pocket Bibles, water bottles, keys, shoelaces, razors, mix CDs, condoms, contraceptive pills, sunglasses, keys: a vibrant, startling testament to the lives of those who had been detained or deported. Without telling anyone, Kiefer began collecting the items, stashing them in sorted piles in the garages of friends. I didnt know what I was going to do, he told me recently. But I knew there was something to be done. Kiefer, who is now fifty-eight, had moved to Ajo from Los Angeles, in 2001, hoping to simplify his life, purchase a home, and focus on his passion: taking pictures. (Previously, hed been a collector and dealer of antique cast-iron bed frames, and, before that, a graphic designer.) He took the C.B.P. job, in 2003, for purely practical reasons: it paid ten dollars and forty-two cents an hour, and it seemed unlikely to steal mental space away from his photography projects. Now he began photographing his C.B.P. collection in his studio, arranging and rearranging items, sometimes putting a single stuffed animal or T-shirt in the frame, more often capturing like with like: dozens of roll-on deodorant sticks, hundreds of nail clippers. Today, he has taken hundreds of photographs of objects he brought home from the processing center. Together they make up El Sueo Americano (The American Dream), an ongoing project that, thanks to its unconventional perspective on U.S. migrant policies, has launched Kiefer into a photography career hes dreamed of for decades. Spending time with the confiscated itemscollecting them, curating them, looking at them, photographing themchanged Kiefers relationship to his job. Before, hed been punching the clock so that he could get back to photography; now he felt awakened to hundreds of human dramas playing out around him during each shift. Hed always known, technically, about the C.B.P.s strict confiscation policies, which were posted on bilingual signs and applied to all items classified as either non-essential or potentially lethal. But he hadnt spent much time thinking about these policies, and he hadnt realized how broadly they were applied, or just how many of the confiscated itemsincluding cell phones and wallets, many still containing I.D.s, prepaid debit cards, and cashwere ending up in the trash, never to be returned. Increasingly, Kiefer felt uncomfortable at work: angry at the system that employed him, sad for the people being processed, and afraid that he would be caught making off with government property. But he kept sneaking out what he could, kept building his piles, and kept taking pictures, which at first he showed to no one. Many of the photographs that make up El Sueo Americano are clean and bright, even exuberant: a radiant sea of toothpaste tubes and toothbrushes, all pointed in the same direction, like a swarming Pop-art school of fish; a plastic quilt of condoms, their multi-hued wrappers advertising a cornucopia of brands, flavors, and designs. These lively objects can seem incongruent with the gravity of their backstories. I have been criticizedby some art-world peoplefor making pictures about the migrant experience that dont speak directly to the grimy extremities of risking your life to cross the border, Kiefer said. A striking contrast to El Sueo Americano is the work of John Moore, who has also photographed the everyday property carried by migrantsitems not confiscated but found on their dead bodies and encased in plastic bags held at a forensics lab in Arizona. But Kiefer sees his project as a counterweight to C.B.P.s dehumanizing practices, which yank everyday objects from the contexts that imbued them with meaning. He hopes not just to draw peoples attention to those practices but also to evoke the value the objects must have once had to their owners. Im doing something different, he told me. Im presenting these deeply personal objects in a way that is reverential and respectful. In 2014after more than a decade working with C.B.P., and after seven years of sneaking out the trashKiefer quit his job to work on El Sueo Americano full-time. One day in Ajo, he ran into a secretary from his old job: the C.B.P. agents, she told him, were furious that hed spent his on-the-clock time stealing government property for a private project. Working in his studio todaypicking the next set of objects to photograph, arranging them just sohe thinks about his old colleagues at the border. Some were nice people, as far as he could tell; others, he felt sure, would be taking Trumps anti-immigrant invective as license for new cruelties. Kiefer, for his part, has thrown away none of the possessions he collected. Maybe, he says, they could someday be housed in some sort of Arizonan Museum of Migration. Barring that, he plans to keep them. <N> 1 2 NMD Phoenix meeting NMD Phoenix meeting 7:30 pm  9:00 pm Google Calendar Central United Methodist Church, 1875 North Central Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85004, United States Google Map No More Deaths is a group of people working to end the death and suffering of migrants caused by the militarization of the border between Mexico and the US. Meetings in Phoenix take place on the first and third Monday of the month. These meetings are open and public. We encourage everyone in the community to come and contribute time and energy to this movement. We meet at Central United Methodist Church, 1875 N. Central Avenue, Room 103 (just north of McDowell on east side of Central).  3 4 Campaign Meetings Campaign Meetings 5:00 pm  7:00 pm Google Calendar Interested in getting involved in No More Deaths legal defense campaign? Contact our campaign coordinator at _EMAIL_ to come to a meeting.  5 6 7 Mantenga Tucsn Unido/Keep Tucson Together Mantenga Tucsn Unido/Keep Tucson Together 2:00 pm  5:00 pm Google Calendar Southside Presbyterian Church, 317 W 23rd St, Tucson, AZ 85713, United States Google Map La clnica legal Mantenga Tucsn Unido de No Ms Muertes y la abogada Margo Cowan invita a todos quienes estn en proceso de deportacin en las cortes de inmigracin y que no tengan abogados. The Keep Tucson Together legal clinic of No More Deaths and attorney Margo Cowan invite people in immigration deportation proceedings and who do not have lawyers. Habr asesora gratis para preparar su paquete de documentacin que se presentar ante los fiscales para que cierren su caso y se pueda permanecer este pas al lado de su familia. El Presidente Obama prometi cerrar todos los casos de personas con deportacin si tienen los siguientes requisitos: tener amplias raices en este pas, no tener antecedentes de cargos criminales serios, y tener familiares con ciudadana o residencia. There will be free advice to aid you to prepare a documentation package to be presented to prosecutors to have your case closed and remain in this country. President Obama promised to close all deportation cases if they meet the following requirements: have broad roots in this country, have no previous history of serious criminal charges, or have family members with citizenship or residency.  8 9 10 11 Campaign Meetings Campaign Meetings 5:00 pm  7:00 pm Google Calendar Interested in getting involved in No More Deaths legal defense campaign? Contact our campaign coordinator at _EMAIL_ to come to a meeting.  12 13 14 15 16 NMD Phoenix meeting NMD Phoenix meeting 7:30 pm  9:00 pm Google Calendar Central United Methodist Church, 1875 North Central Avenue, Phoenix, AZ 85004, United States Google Map No More Deaths is a group of people working to end the death and suffering of migrants caused by the militarization of the border between Mexico and the US. Meetings in Phoenix take place on the first and third Monday of the month. These meetings are open and public. We encourage everyone in the community to come and contribute time and energy to this movement. We meet at Central United Methodist Church, 1875 N. Central Avenue, Room 103 (just north of McDowell on east side of Central).  17 18 Campaign Meetings Campaign Meetings 5:00 pm  7:00 pm Google Calendar Interested in getting involved in No More Deaths legal defense campaign? Contact our campaign coordinator at _EMAIL_ to come to a meeting.  19 20 21 Mantenga Tucsn Unido/Keep Tucson Together Mantenga Tucsn Unido/Keep Tucson Together 2:00 pm  5:00 pm Google Calendar Southside Presbyterian Church, 317 W 23rd St, Tucson, AZ 85713, United States Google Map La clnica legal Mantenga Tucsn Unido de No Ms Muertes y la abogada Margo Cowan invita a todos quienes estn en proceso de deportacin en las cortes de inmigracin y que no tengan abogados. The Keep Tucson Together legal clinic of No More Deaths and attorney Margo Cowan invite people in immigration deportation proceedings and who do not have lawyers. Habr asesora gratis para preparar su paquete de documentacin que se presentar ante los fiscales para que cierren su caso y se pueda permanecer este pas al lado de su familia. El Presidente Obama prometi cerrar todos los casos de personas con deportacin si tienen los siguientes requisitos: tener amplias raices en este pas, no tener antecedentes de cargos criminales serios, y tener familiares con ciudadana o residencia. There will be free advice to aid you to prepare a documentation package to be presented to prosecutors to have your case closed and remain in this country. President Obama promised to close all deportation cases if they meet the following requirements: have broad roots in this country, have no previous history of serious criminal charges, or have family members with citizenship or residency.  22 23 NMD Tucson general assembly NMD Tucson general assembly 6:00 pm  8:00 pm Google Calendar Global Justice Center, 225 E 26th St, Tucson, AZ 85713, USA Google Map No More Deaths has general meetings on the fourth Monday of the month, beginning July 23, 2018. The format of this meeting will be informal conversation over dinner. Dinner will be potluck style. This is open to everyone! Bring a dish and good conversation! Have a burning NMD topic? Bring it to the potluck! The working groups into which No More Deaths is divided will share updates on their work.  24 25 Campaign Meetings Campaign Meetings 5:00 pm  7:00 pm Google Calendar Interested in getting involved in No More Deaths legal defense campaign? Contact our campaign coordinator at _EMAIL_ to come to a meeting.  26 27 28 <N> David Hill never knows what he'll find when he catalogs the belongings seized from immigrants who are awaiting deportation. Shirts, socks, and belts are common. Then there are the sentimental: weddings rings, rosaries, and children's artwork. But the items that strike him most are the student ID cards from US schools. While Hill does not know many details about the people he helps, he takes the ID cards as an indicator that the person on deportation row has a history, a life here in the United States. "I don't carry my junior high school ID in my wallet, but then, I never have to prove that I belong here," Hill told VICE. "That's important to him. That's a token of the fact that he belongs here." Hill lives in Nogales, a town cut in two by the border. One side is in Arizona; the other is in Mexico. He splits his time between his job as a freelance copy editor and his role heading up the Property Recovery Assistance Project with volunteer organization No More Deaths, which helps to retrieve and return the belongings that are separated from people during the deportation process. "We are talking about working people who can't easily replace what is lost," said Hill. David Hill (left) from No More Deaths assists a client of the organization. Photo by Sister Maria Engracia Robles Robles The project started in 2008, a few years after the United States began pressing criminal charges against immigrants who were in the country illegally. Once picked up by authorities, people generally have 30 days to get their belongings back from Customs and Border Protection (CBP). But instead of just dropping people back over the border, those arrested for unauthorized entry or reentry now faced a prison sentence. This meant the majority of those arrested were released past the 30-day mark, ensuring their belongingsmoney, IDs, cellphones, medications, and morewere slated for destruction, according to Hill. A CBP official told VICE that belongings are held for 30 days following the person's release from prison and deportation, and it's on the individual to work with Mexican consular officers to retrieve the items from the US within 30 days. But Hill and other advocates following the issue said that in practice, this longer timeframe only applies to the CBP compound in Tucson, Arizona. Everywhere else, belongings are only held for 30 days from when the individual is arrested and charged. "Border patrol agents are destroying what results in grave consequences to people being deported to border towns," said Vicki Gaubeca, from the Regional Center for Border Rights with the American Civil Liberties Union, in an interview with VICE. It doesn't help that those who are picked up go through numerous government agencies, including Border Patrol, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), and the Bureau of Prisons. This February, the US and Mexico signed new repatriation arrangements that include, for the first time, a mention of belongings. It states that "all feasible steps" should be taken to return property to the owner when he or she is released from custody. But advocates say even with the policy in place, the procedures are still lacking. "It is hard to find out how that is going. I've heard mixed results," said Jeremy Slack, an assistant professor at the University of Texas at El Paso who researches immigration. "There are some places where it seems to have improved, and other places where it remains the same." Gaubeca said immigrants are taken from detention centers or prisons to the border, which can be thousands of miles from their homes in Mexico, if they even have homes in Mexico. Due to the 30-day rule and the potential for belongings to be lost between agencies involved, immigrants are regularly deported with only the clothes on their back. No cellphones, no ID, no cash. In a statement to VICE, a spokesperson for ICE said the agency "takes all possible steps to ensure that property, valuables, and money retained are available for return to the rightful owner at the time of removal." But in some cases, stuff still gets left behind. When Juana Padron's now ex-husband was arrested in January 2016 during an attempted border crossing, she connected with Hill at No More Deaths to retrieve his belongings, which included money and three forms of identification. Padron told VICE she couldn't take the time off from work to make the drive from Dallas, where she lives, to Tuscan, where CBP was holding her ex-husband's possessions. Hill sees this as another problem with the system: Leftover belongings can only be picked up by the owner or if someone gets power of attorney; CBP won't mail them anywhere. In Padron's case, it would've been a 14-hour drive each way to pick them up. "Some families live even farther away, in the South, the Midwest, the East Coast," Hill said. Photo by Jason Outenreath In 2015, No More Deaths helped 151 people retrieve their belongings after deportation. They are a mix of would-be immigrants picked up during a border crossing or those who already live in the US. The process is straightforward but time consuming. Initial contact comes through a letter from someone being held during deportation proceedings, according to Hill. News of the program is spread by word of mouth. "I'm not really sure we could handle the demand, so we don't do any outreach," Hill told VICE. He sends them back a form to fill out, giving him power of attorney, thus permission to retrieve the belongings. If their belongings aren't already destroyed, he heads to a CBP compound in Tucson where dispossessed belongings are stored. Then he catalogs each item, so the owners know what they will eventually get back. Photo by Jason Outenreath "It is delicate because people's belongings are private," said Hill. Depending on the owner's request, Hill either holds on to them until the deportation or the items are posted to contacts in Mexico or in the US. The aim is always for the people to be reunited with their possessions as soon as they are deportedwhether it be Hill crossing the border and handing it to them, or contacts meeting them at the border in Mexico. "The real humanitarian impact that we are focused on is how vulnerable people are in the minutes, hours, and days right after deportation," he said. Photo by Jason Outenreath While the acknowledgement of belongings in the new repatriation agreements represents a big victory, there's no indication if any policies have changed, according to Slack. "Overall, the agreement is a huge step in the right direction, but they have been lacking in specifics about what they are actually doing to improve it on a systemic level," he told VICE. With this step toward a better system, Hill hopes that the No More Deaths program will one day be redundant. "One thing I can't do is, I can't do what ICE can do," he said, "which is get their stuff, put them on the bus with their stuff, and release them at the border with their stuff." Follow Serena Solomon on Twitter. <N> Facility Main Telephone Line:  254-2500 Field Office Main Telephone Line: (210) 283-4750 Immigration Court For information about a matter before the immigration court, you may call 1-800-898-7180 to speak with them directly. Applications for relief from removal and other applications requested by the immigration judge must be filed directly with the immigration court. Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) For information about a matter before the Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA), you may call (703) 605-1007 where you can obtain automated information or speak with a live representative during office hours. Click the link for a list of pro bono representatives nationwide who might be able to assist you. To Post a Departure or Delivery Bond These bonds are posted when a person has been placed into removal proceedings while in the United States. The person supplying the bond money must show proof of identity (valid Government-issued photo identification, passport, military ID, LPR card, drivers license, etc.). This person (the obligor) is responsible for ensuring that the alien presents himself before an officer or agent of this agency whenever a request is made. For bond information, please call 830-254-2500 and ask to speak to the Deportation Officer handling the case. You must have the last name of the detainee and alien registration number before calling. Bonds for aliens detained by ICE may be posted at ERO Bond Acceptance facilities nationwide, Monday through Friday (except public holidays) between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p.m., local time. For a list of bond acceptance facilities, click here. Acceptable bond forms of payment are money order, certified check or cashiers check. On all bonds over $10,000, the only accepted methods of payment are cashiers or certified checks. These must be made payable to U.S. Department of Homeland Security or Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Friends and Family Visits Friends and Family may visit residents seven days a week from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m., including holidays. Residents are allotted one hour for visitation. More time may be authorized by the Facility Administrator for family members traveling significant distances dependent upon the number of visitors and staff availability. Adult visitors must present a valid, verifiable government-issued identification card to enter the facility. Minors who are visiting the facility must be accompanied by an adult guardian (18 years or older). Minors must not be left unaccompanied in the waiting room, visiting room or any other area. Attorney Visits Legal representatives of residents are authorized to visit their clients during the following hours: Attorneys and/or paralegals may visit residents seven days a week from 8 a.m. until 8 p.m., including holidays. A list of pro bono (free) legal organizations will be posted in all detainee housing units and other appropriate areas. This list shall be updated quarterly. If a detainee wishes to see a representative or paralegal from that organization, it is the detainees responsibility to contact them for an appointment. Consular Visits Consular officials may meet with their detained nationals at any time. It is requested that prior arrangements be made with the ICE Supervisory Deportation Officer to the extent possible, and that consular officials bring appropriate credentials when they come to the facility. The ICE Supervisory Deportation Officer for this facility can be reached at 830-254-2500. Clergy Visits Clergy may visit residents and must make prior arrangements with the Chaplains Office. Visiting Restrictions No firearms or weapons of any kind are permitted in the facility. If visitors are or appear to be intoxicated, visitation will not be allowed. All visitors are subject to search while in the facility. Visitors are not allowed to pass or attempt to pass any items to detainees. Visitors are not allowed to carry any items into the visitation area . Search Procedures (prior to or during all visitations) All individuals requesting admittance to the facility or the visitation area are subject to a pat-down search of their person, an inspection of their belongings, and a metal scan search. Individuals refusing to cooperate with a reasonable search will not be admitted. No firearms or weapons of any kind are permitted. No electronic devices (cell phones, pagers, radios, etc.) are permitted in the secure areas of this facility. Letters sent to residents must include the last four digits of the detainees A-number (File Number), plus the senders name and address. To enhance the safety of the facility, all incoming mail is subject to screening for contraband. The mail is not read upon opening, only inspected by the delivering officer. Residents may send mail from the facility. Residents may seal their outgoing letters and place them in the provided receptacle. All incoming mail will be delivered to the resident, and outgoing mail will be routed to the proper postal office within 24 hours of receipt by facility staff. A mail pick-up and delivery schedule is posted in all housing units. Residents are allowed to purchase stamps for use. Generally, there is no limit to the amount of correspondence detainees may send at their own expense. Indigent residents (those who have no means of financial support and no funds in their facility account) will be provided postage allowance at government expense. When residents depart the facility or are transferred to another facility, only their legal mail will be forwarded to them. General correspondence will be endorsed "Return to Sender" and returned to the post office. If resident receive funds in the mail, they will be taken to the processing area for the money to be placed into their account. The processing officer will provide a receipt for all funds received. Residents are cautioned not to have cash sent to them in the mail. A resident may receive items that are determined to be of necessity for the sole purpose of travel or release from agency custody with approval of the ICE Deportation Officer. Before sending packages to detainees, Contact the Facility Administrator at: GEO  Karnes County Residential Center 409 FM 1144 Karnes City, Texas 78118 Note that residents being removed from the United States are allowed one small piece of luggage. If a resident does not have such baggage, such luggage can be sent/delivered after receiving approval from Supervisory Deportation Officer. Please be advised that for security reasons, no electronic devices (cell phones, electric razors, laptop computers, radios, etc.) will be accepted. The Facility has a responsibility to protect the privacy and other rights of detainees and members of the staff. Therefore, interviews will be regulated to ensure the orderly and safe operation of the Facility. Ordinarily, live television or radio interviews will not be permitted in the facility. For media inquiries about ICE activities, operations, or policies, contact the ICE Office of Public Affairs (OPA) at (202) 732-4242 or email _EMAIL_ Personal Interviews A news media representative who desires to conduct an interview with a detainee must apply in writing to the San Antonio Field Office, Office of Enforcement and Removal Operations, indicating familiarity with and agreement to comply with the rules and regulations of the facility as provided to that person by staff. Detainee Consent A resident has the right not to be interviewed, photographed, or recorded by the media. Before interviewing, photographing, or recording the voice of a detainee, a visiting representative of the media must obtain written permission from that individual. All FOIA and Privacy Act requests must be submitted on form G-639 (Freedom of Information / Privacy Act Request) or in letter format. All requests must contain the original, notarized signature of the subject in question. Please complete the form G-639 thoroughly and if writing a letter, be sure to include the full name, any other names used, date of birth, place of birth, A-number of the alien you are seeking information about, as well as your full name, address, and telephone number, so that we may contact you if we have any questions. Mail your FOIA or Privacy Act request to: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Freedom of Information Act Office 800 North Capitol Street, NW, Room 585 Washington, D.C. 20536 Phone  1-866-633-1182 Email  _EMAIL_ <N> Im sure this old newspaper clipping from 1934 has nothing to do with current events. Nothing at all. FAILED TO GIVE NAZI SALUTE. German Football Club Banned For 12 Months. BERLIN Sunday The Karlsruhe Football Club has been prohibited from playing during 1934 because the team failed to give the Nazi salute when entering the field to play against a French club from Nancy at Metz in December. The failure of the team to give the salute is alleged to be due to the Frenchmen threatening that they would not play and the Germans would receive no compensation if the salute was given because it was feared that the spectators would riot. All sports clubs were forbidden to take part in French engagements until the incident had been settled. <N> : Tackling Racism in Football Christos Kassimeris Lexington Books , 2008 - 267 pages , 2008 - Political Science 0 Reviews _LINKS_ European Football is Black and White offers an engaging interpretation of a disturbing phenomenon in Europe's favorite sport: football violence fueled by racism. While many fans across Europe have used football to further destructive, ethnocentric agendas, there are also Europe-wide initiatives in the football stadium to combat the almost endemic problem. Christos Kassimeris analyses political ideologies that have influenced football supporters, drawing attention to the increasing politicization of football and the footballization of politics. He also considers the contributions of nationalism, social class, and media coverage before assessing attempts by various groups, from the Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE) network to the European Union itself, to rectify the problem. Ultimately, football needs to be dissociated from both racism and politics for the sport to flourish. Unlike more traditional attempts to explain the football violence and racism, this book seeks to establish a Europe-wide as well as national explanatory framework for this racism from a political perspective. This study will draw the interest not only of scholars across the Humanities and Social Sciences, but also of ordinary football supporters. <N> The Washington Post has spent the past year determining how many children have been exposed to gun violence during school hours since the Columbine High massacre in 1999. Beyond the dead and wounded, children who witness the violence or cower behind locked doors to hide from it can be profoundly traumatized. The federal government does not track school shootings, so The Post pieced together its numbers from news articles, open-source databases, law enforcement reports and calls to schools and police departments. The children impacted grew with each round of reporting: from 135,000 students in at least 164 primary and secondary schools to more than 187,000 on 193 campuses. Since March, The Post has taken a closer look at states with fewer local news sources and searched more deeply for less visible public suicides and accidents that led to injury. <N> Education is under attack around the world because of armed conflicts - but many schoolchildren live with the threat of violence that doesn't make global headlines. Due to the pervasive violence, many schools in Honduras are patrolled by the military police The clatter of bullets piercing the school's roof sent pupils running for safety. Four of them and their teacher were wounded. The February 27 attack on the Maximiliano Sagastume school in a northern district of Tegucigalpa was just one violent episode in a turf war between heavily armed gangs in Honduras. Such occurrences are so common, they are subsumed quickly into the country's news cycle and barely register outside its borders. For the pupils, it meant no classes for eight days as police set up a perimeter to protect them from the local criminal outfit, part of the Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13. Members of the Military Police stand guard as students arrive for class at the Maximiliano Sagastume school in Sagastume on March 17. Such protection is also afforded to other schools and colleges in the capital, stretching police and army forces that seem unable to counter the reach of the feared gangs. MS-13 and its chief rival, Barrio 18, and other smaller outfits assert control over different neighbourhoods, preventing residents from freely moving between them and frequently clashing in exchanges of gunfire. The phenomenon is the same across the so-called Northern Triangle of Central America comprising Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala - a region plagued by poverty and vicious violence where gangs dealing in drugs and weapons have supplanted the rule of law. A spokesman for a combined national security force in Honduras known as Fusina, Lieutenant Colonel Mario Rivera, told AFP that hundreds of personnel were involved in securing schools in Tegucigalpa and in other Honduran towns. A teacher at one school with 300 pupils said on condition he not be identified that some of the students were gang members and their threats against classmates or teachers often meant that police protection had to be brought in A teacher gives a lesson at the Maximiliano Sagastume school. In the case of Maximiliano Sagastume school, although the four pupils and the female teacher were slightly wounded and the police perimeter was set up, many parents subsequently transferred their children to other schools. The families' sense of panic was heightened because 14-year-old twin girls were abducted after the shooting and their mutilated bodies were found days later. Honduras education Children go to school for an average of seven years in urban areas and only 4.3 years in rural areas, according to UNICEF. The main causes of these low numbers lie in inadequate teaching, scarcity of teaching materials, poor physical learning environments and limited interaction between schools and communities. "Here people sleep with one eye open," said one policeman standing guard. He was part of a deployment posted near the school. Police patrols on motorbikes and squad cars frequently nosed around the neighborhood, called Sagastume I. "If we need to, we can call in reinforcements," the officer said, indicating the radio attached to his leather belt. The school, located on a hillside, also features metal bars and a three-metre (10-foot) high wall topped with barbed wire. To the north of it, separated by a stony hill with no houses, is El Picachito, a district claimed by the Combo gang. Just south of the school is an area lorded over by MS-13. The school and the surrounding concrete homes sit in a sort of no-man's land often fought over by the two gangs. "We're in the middle of the firefights. At night, it's like a war zone," said Napoleon Zuniga, a 70-year-old owner of a small shop in Sagastume I. "Over there the Combos shoot, and then down there it's the MS," he said. Police stand guard as a young student is taken to class. <N> Sophia* has a cascade of dark curls and Cupids-bow lips that impose happiness on her whole face regardless of what shes saying. Even when, in an empty classroom, the 15-year-old goes over a bleak list of options for surviving one of the most dangerous parts of growing up in El Salvador: school. The problems began when she was 13. A gang member in her school instructed Sophia to pass drugs to another student, which she refused to do. Then he started asking her for money, then to go out with him and his friends. After school, they would be waiting for her. She told the principal and he told her parents to pull her out of school. So she moved out of her house and into her grandfathers, which is closer to her new school she started in February, placed back in seventh grade. Going home is unsafe, so she doesnt visit much. Sophia plans to be the first in her family of 10 to attend university. There, shell study English or French. But first she has to slough through the dangers that come with attending school in El Salvador, where gangs may operate within a quarter of schools. Or, shell be pushed out by threats and intimidation like tens of thousands of children each year. She has an alternative plan, too: an aunt in Houston, who would take her in if she could make the harrowing and illegal journey from El Salvador. Violence, and particularly sexual violence, is one of the strongest factors motivating a growing migration of El Salvadors girls to escape through Guatemala and Mexico into the United States. Last year, the number of Central American children caught in Mexico was 55 percent higher than 2014 and 270 percent higher than 2013. Many of them are just like Sophia. She lives in Ciudad Delgado, one of the most dangerous municipalities in San Salvador, the traffic-clogged capital of El Salvador, which itself is the most violent country outside of a war zone. This year, the country displaced Honduras as the worlds murder capital. Sophia doesnt speak bluntly about the dangers she faces as a young woman, but the statistics do. El Salvador has the highest homicide rate of women and girls in the world. More than half of Salvadoran women report suffering from a form of violence during their life. Gangs use rape and sexual assault as initiation rituals and tools to keep control of their neighborhoods. If a girl refuses to go out with a gang member its not uncommon for her to be executed or disappeared. If a gang member missteps, the rape and murder of his wife or sister might be doled out as punishment. On winding roads across the city and country, guards in neat uniforms and shotguns slung over their shoulders linger outside nearly every doorway. Twenty-five years after a peace accord ended a vicious civil war, during which death squads disappeared tens of thousands of people, the country is more dangerous than ever. Gangs that formed in exile in Los Angeleslike Barrio 18 and its rival Mara Salvatrucha, or MS-13returned to the country and carved it up into territories. Few Salvadorans today are untouched by gang extortions called la renta, or the violence that claimed one homicide per hour during the first three months of 2016. This violence disproportionately affects El Salvadors kids. During recess at Sophias new school, the schools director, Jose Solis, cracks jokes with the children lining up at the courtyard snack stand. Girls jump rope, and boys run their hands under a faucet, smoothing their hair down with the water. This school, he says, is a safe place for the students. The difficulty is keeping them in it. The year started with 350 students, but theyre already down to 288. They were threatened, he says of the dropouts, and theres not much he can do about it. The teachers watch as the students walk home, but only until theyre out of sight. Here, thank God, we havent had any problems because there are no gangs inside, he says. Only their fans who write graffiti in the bathroom. But in August, just a few weeks before we met, someone found Sophias phone number on Facebook and started texting her, demanding she send them naked photos or theyd hurt her family. The harassment got so bad she stayed out of school for a week. Her dad told her to tell her teachers shed been sick. But really shed been reading and watching TV at home, nervous that someone was watching her. She deleted her Facebook account. I dont have many friends here, Sophia says. I dont trust anyone because if I tell them something they might tell the gangs. Sophia says her two relatives are considering splitting the cost of a coyote to smuggle her to America. The rate has been rising rapidly as the border has militarized. Today, it can cost $7,000 for one attempt, and up to $20,000 for three. Being caught and sent back to El Salvador can be deadly. If the gangs find attempted deserters, theyre killed. To social worker Yaneth Alvarado, Sophia hits the all the markers for someone at risk of stopping her education: shes too old for her grade and has been forced to miss long stretches of class. Alvarado, a petite woman with dark hair and a serious demeanor, is an instant hit in the schools courtyard. Students crowd around her and she knows them, and hundreds more in the 15 schools where she works, by name. Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily Digest Start and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat Sheet A speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking Subscribe, you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason. Alvarados job is inherently dangerous. She makes house calls to students who drop out of school or dont graduate and tries to find solutions to get them back. Shes working with UNICEF to develop a home-study and virtual education program that will be tested in the coming year for the kids who can no longer go to school. The school year is winding to a close in El Salvador, where it runs from February to November. But as classes end, its a critical time. Last year, 28,000 students dropped out, with the majority attributing it to the violence they experienced, and some 300 kids were killed while walking to school, says Cristina Prez, who advises on disaster management for Plan International, a child-rights organization. The Ministry of Education looks at it like a phenomenon, she says. All these kids are not dropping out of school because they want to. She cites one school, where she says 85 percent of parents have a gang affiliation. The most troublesome time for kids, Alvarado and the educators agree, is between the first and third gradesthis is when theyre most easily used as pawns by their parents to extort their classmates. Rather than risk jail time themselves, some parents use their childrenwho only face a maximum sentence of seven years in prisonto do the gangs dirty work. A teachers union representative told Reuters in May that sometimes children are forced to collect 10 to 25 cents from each of their classmates per day for the gangs. In these cases, Alvarado will sometimes go to the grandparents for intervention, but says, its practically impossible to help. Organizations like Plan International and UNICEF walk a tightrope to operate in these neighborhoods. Though they dont negotiate directly with the gangs, theyre being closely watched. Their lives are in danger if the gangs dont like what theyre talking about. All Salvadorans must know how to speak, says Prez. A couple of blocks away, a marching band practices in the courtyard of a large, double-gated school, where more than 850 students study up to ninth grade. In a classroom near the entrance, students show off the work theyre doing in a robotics class. The class is a three-year-old project to get high-risk kids interested in school. A gangly and serious boy named Carlos* presented his model city, complete with funiculars dangling from a yarn pulley system. They would save the government money and reduce traffic, he recited, to the background rumble of bellowing brass instruments. After the show, students filtered out, but Carlos stays behind. His classmates were told he would be interviewed about the robotics projects, but he really wants to talk about the gangs. Carlos started at this school earlier in the year, after being kicked out of his last one twice. Due to the two years of classes he lost, hes 16 years old but only in 7th grade. Carlos speaks bluntly about what he called his aggressive behavior. When he was 13 his friends started pressuring him to harass girls and get in fightsthings he says he didnt want to do. After a spate of trouble at his last school, his father told him he should switch schools, so he came here, where people didnt know his past. He admits that if he had stayed, he probably wouldnt do anything in life. He likes accounting and wants to start a computer business, study English and leave El Salvador. He says he feels safer at his new school, but not because there isnt gang activity. This school is located in the middle of a territory controlled by the Barrio 18 gang. For some schools the front street is divided and they fight everyday, says Noemi Lopez, a stately grey-haired woman whos been principal for 13 years and a teacher for three decades before that. The gang leaders here respect the school, she says. Though just two blocks away is already the border with a rival gang, where shootings will break out. Elizabeth Salazar, a petite math and science teacher who runs the robotics program, perches nearby. She says even the educators cant venture past those two blocks, and if she did she would never take a student, go off the main road, or tell anyone that she works at the school. The school tries to keep an eye on its gang-affiliated students, but without drawing attention to it. Some of the gangs wear certain brands or use certain slang to distinguish themselves. When the kids start we dont ask them if theyre in a gang, but we know by the way they behave and speak, says Lopez. They do keep an eye on the kids and meet with their parents with concerns, but its often not enough. More than 250 students have dropped out in the past year. Its not just the students who take a risk by going to class each day. Dozens of teachers have been killed over the past few years, for offenses like giving a bad grade or confiscating drugs from students. Lopez says her job has become more dangerous than it was when El Salvador was wracked by civil war. Before, youd know who killed you, she says. Now you dont know. *Names have been changed. The International Womens Media Foundation supported Nina Strochlics reporting from El Salvador. <N> SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador  In his rotating wardrobe of team jerseys and visors, Jose Aquiles often stalked the sidelines of his students soccer games, shouting instructions and praise. A pro in his younger days, Aquiles lived for the sport, never missing a chance to play or coach. But at a tournament one Friday in April, he appeared pensive, foregoing his usual perch for an out-of-the way bench  a towel slung across his head to block the sun. That was the last time I saw him, said Luis Winfredo Montoya, a fellow teacher at the school in rural Santa Lucia, in western El Salvador, where Aquiles taught English and social studies. The following Monday, word spread through school that Aquiles body had been found dismembered and buried in a scrubland controlled by the notorious Mara Salvatrucha, or MS-13, street gang. His eighth graders sobbed and refused to enter his classroom. At his funeral, days later, hundreds filled the streets and thronged his casket, which was closed because of the damage to his body. Aquiles murder outraged his teachers union, which demanded justice. In the past several years, 27 Salvadoran teachers have been killed, and thousands extorted, as gangs have gained hold over even remote areas of the country, said Paz Zetino, the unions director. Some have been killed over as little as a failing grade. The gang problem is incredible, said Zetino, a principal in Santa Tecla, a town just outside San Salvador. Its complete insecurity. We are all passing through this crisis of terror. The same terror is driving a flood of Salvadoran youths toward the United States. Since October, some 52,000 unaccompanied minors  mostly from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras  have arrived at the US border with Mexico, taxing shelters and causing what President Barack Obamas administration has called a humanitarian crisis. According to the Washington Office on Latin America, about 1 in every 240 Salvadoran children has been detained at the US border. While the motives behind the exodus of Central American children are complicated, with some seeking possible reunions with family members already stateside, experts say gang violence in these countries is a strong driver. And schools struggle to provide kids refuge. Gang members in El Salvador recruit even in grade schools, where parents themselves are often involved with gangs, known here as maras. Principals are forced to collect money from teachers to pay la renta, the cynical term for extortions, and many have found themselves caught between opposing gangs trying to extort the same school. Zetino said one MS-13 gang member recently offered to provide his school protection from the rival Barrio 18 gang. Its a sick joke, he said. What security can they offer me? But they are that bold now. Educators under threat often keep family members in the dark about it, so as not to involve or alarm them. Raul Antonio Parada, 54, principal of a grade and middle school in eastern El Salvador, was only two years short of retirement when he was murdered. Parada had never shared his fears about the gangs with his family, but told a close friend that hed been threatened. On the afternoon of May 21, an approaching storm caused him to dismiss his students and teachers early, but he stayed behind in the mostly empty school, organizing papers. Gunmen entered about 5 p.m., found Parada in the directors office, and shot him 10 times in the head and abdomen. They strolled out of the school without saying a word, according to witnesses. Days later, Luis Alonso Sandoval, a 22-year-old member of a local MS-13 cell known as the Sailor Locos, was arrested and charged with aggravated homicide. Oscar Rene Melendez, the lead investigator on the case, said he had two theories about Paradas murder. It could have been related to extortion, he said. Or it had to do with Paradas high academic standards. Some students associated with the gangs felt uncomfortable over issues with their grades, with his level of discipline, Melendez said. Discipline was at the heart of a shooting that nearly killed Ana Hebe Alvarado five years ago. Today Alvarado, 49, has few visible scars besides a mottled upper lip where a bullet tore through her front teeth. But her psychological wounds remain fresh: Tears streamed down her face as she recounted an attack never intended for her. Alvarado was the principal of a grade and middle school in Lourdes, a working-class district on the fringes of San Salvador, when on June 12, 2009, she hopped a public minibus to work with her friend and colleague Julio Cesar Gomez, who taught literature. The pair got off the bus and were crossing the street toward the school when bullets struck them from behind. Gomez received two shots in the heart and died instantly. Alvarado was hit in her neck, arm and chest. Later, she discovered the motive for the attack: Gomez had confiscated marijuana from a student whose boyfriend was a gang member. After the shooting, Alvarados sons demanded she find work elsewhere, but other schools refused to hire her, fearing gangsters would hunt her down to silence her. Eventually, she found work teaching literature in Santa Tecla, though she still has debt from medical bills. She avoids riding buses. But she never lost her love of teaching or her students, she said on a recent morning in her schools teachers lounge. A schoolgirl in thick-framed glasses stopped by to give Alvarado a message, and a hug. That hasnt been taken away from me, she said. Were in the classrooms, trying to reinforce values in the few that remain to be rescued. In the school where Jose Aquiles taught, his absence is still felt three months after his death. In the front of his classroom hangs one of his favorite sayings: Studying should be a pleasure, not an obligation. His students English workbooks still retain his notes, and on a recent visit, they shouted out to a reporter that his favorite soccer team was Barcelona, and that he always wore No. 10, Lionel Messis number. That afternoon, the boys team took to a muddy soccer field, wearing navy jerseys printed with Aquiles name. Montoya, his friend and colleague, stood in his place as coach. Local men sat on tires or hung on the surrounding chain-link fence to watch. Two soldiers stood guard by the field. They had been assigned to the school in the months since Aquiles murder. Just a few blocks away, on a brick wall along the lone street leading to the school, loomed a gang tag in large gothic script: MS-13. <N> Five suspects plead not guilty to colluding over 2 April attack carried out by four al-Shabaab gunmen who were killed by specialised police unit Kenyan police have charged five men with participating in an attack by militant group al-Shabaab on a university in eastern Kenya in which 148 people were killed. The five men pleaded not guilty to 152 counts of committing acts of terrorism in a magistrates court on Thursday. Four al-Shabab gunmen stormed the Garissa University College at dawn on 2 April. The attack went on for hours before it was finally ended by a specialised police unit and the four gunmen were killed. Are the terrorists of al-Shabaab about to tear Kenya in two? Read more The prosecution alleges that the five suspects colluded to carry out the attack but have not said what their roles were. Prosecutor Daniel Karuri urged the court to deny the suspects bail. Magistrate Daniel Ochenja directed that they be detained until 11 June when the court will determine whether they will be granted bail. The five suspects complained they were tortured for 10 consecutive days as the anti-terrorism police tried to force confessions from them. Speaking through an interpreter, the four Somalis and a Tanzanian claimed their heads were forced into buckets full of water, that they were electrocuted and whipped after they denied involvement in the attack in which 148 people, mainly students, were killed. Al-Shabab has vowed to carry out attacks against Kenya for sending its troops to Somalia to fight the militants. Kenya has experienced a wave of explosive and gun attacks since October 2011 when its troops went into Somalia. Late last month, the Kenyan government said an al-Shabab attack on a convoy of vehicles carrying 59 policemen left one officer dead. <N> Teens watch classmates die on morning of chaos as shooter opens fire at Santa Fe school SANTA FE  Seventeen-year-old Trey Lemley was one week past prom, two weeks from the end of his junior year. He was surrounded by safe, familiar things. The long tables of the Santa Fe High School art lab. The walls covered in murals and paintings. The friends who had made them. Then, one of his classmates, clad in a trenchcoat, entered the room with a shotgun and a revolver. Trey dropped his phone, flung himself inside a closet and barricaded the door, according to his sister, Courtney Lemley. When Trey came out, three bodies lay on the floor in pools of blood. When Trey came out, the old, safe Santa Fe High School was gone. Now Playing: When Trey came out, he and his district of more than 4,000 students, about 30 miles south of Houston, had joined a growing cadre of U.S. communities with children who will never come home, racked by a mass shooting and represented by political leaders who have no clear consensus on how to stop them. About 7:30 a.m. Friday, 17-year-old Dimitrios Pagourtzis killed 10 and injured at least 10 more before a Santa Fe school police officer and a Texas state trooper intercepted him. He eventually emerged from the art class and surrendered, according to an arrest affidavit. The school officer, 49-year-old John Barnes, suffered a gunshot to the upper arm, critically wounding him with severe blood loss. The dead included students and an educator. Police also detained two people of interest in the case, Gov. Greg Abbott said at a news briefing Friday at the school. One was at the scene and had "suspicious reactions" after the shootings, and officials were unsure whether that person was involved in the attack, Abbott said. The other was being interviewed. Abbott gave no other details about them. Pagourtzis claimed to have acted alone and was cooperating with authorities, said Galveston County Judge Mark Henry, the county's top elected official. School shootings since Columbine To read more about each incident, click the dot. Larger dots are incidents where there were more casualties Source: Washington Post school shootings data | Graphic by Jordan Rubio Authorities said Pagourtzis deployed inoperable explosive devices, perhaps to stoke fear. They were checking for more devices in Pagourtzis' vehicle and home, about three miles northwest of the school, Abbott said. The dead include students Angelique Ramirez, 15, and Jared Black; and Cynthia Tisdale, a teacher's aide in the art class, according to their family members. Among the injured were Rome Shubert, 16, a member of the school's baseball team who was treated and released after being grazed on the back of the head; student Clayton Horn, shot in the arm and leg; and sophomore Trenton Beazley, one of Shubert's baseball teammates, who was struck in the back by bullet fragments. It was the worst mass shooting in America since Valentine's Day, when 17 people died at a high school in Parkland, Florida, and perhaps the worst school shooting in Texas since Charles Whitman killed 17 in a rampage from his perch in a University of Texas tower in 1966. There have been 16 school shootings nationwide in 2018, according to a database maintained by the Washington Post. The shooting set off another enactment of the nation's familiar scenes of school terror: Students watching classmates die. Fleeing, their belongings searched by armed officers. Parents, tortured by lack of information, flocking to the school and hospitals. Desperate pleas for word of the missing on social media. Blake Wingate, 16, and Kane Hopkins, 15, were getting ready to leave their first-period class near one of the school's three gyms when they heard fire alarms blare. They moved toward a hallway. Three gunshots. Inches away, a window shattered. A teacher screamed for students to run. The teens tried to run back to the gym. The door was locked. Other students joined as they tried to muscle open doors to the second gym. Those were locked, too. They found one unlocked door leading to the third gym and ran across a basketball court and outside to the school's parking lot. Wingate saw a classmate begging for help, holding a teenager, the body limp. He and Kane kept running, intent on escape. Eight people crammed into Wingate's two-door Jeep as more students streamed out of the school and across Highway 6. Wingate drove to Hopkins' house. As they arrived, one friend threw up. They spent the rest of the day watching news and texting friends in a desperate attempt to learn their classmates' fates. They still don't know what happened to a friend whose parents tried and failed to find him at local hospitals. They don't want to go back to school. It doesn't feel safe. "It keeps replaying in my head," Wingate said. "It's a weird story that will stay in my head for the rest of my life. Just how close I was." Other students jumped fences and fled to nearby woods or took shelter behind a mechanic's shop across the freeway. Avari Creekmore, 16, got to school a little late. She heard fire alarms. She saw blood on a hallway floor and heard shooting. "I took off running. I turned and saw him with whatever he had and I ran," she said, referring to the shooter. "I called my mom and said 'We have an active shooter at school,' and she said, 'I'm on my way.'" The odor of gunpowder hung in the air. "I just thought to run away from it," Avari said. "I just thought if he was near me just, God, get out of his sight." Suzannah Salazar, 17, said she heard what sounded like four pops in the nearby art classroom, then she ran. Hours after the shooting, she was still waiting to hear what had happened to her 16-year-old sister, Sarah, who she believes was in the room. "I'm just hoping my sister comes back," she said. "I'm trying to stay as calm as I can." Freshman Kali Reeves, 15, ran to a convenience store on the highway. "All I know is, several are dead, a friend of mine was shot," Reeves said. "I know one girl is dead; she took a shot to the head." Parents rushed to a complex of school district buildings about three miles from the high school, at a landmark known as the Alamo Gym. Some met relief as they found their children there. Others met only frustration. "You shouldn't have to be waiting three hours to hear where your kid is," said Lesley Tribble, a 29-year-old who said she is the legal guardian of student Angelique Ramirez. "She's easily identifiable  she has fire-red hair and two lip piercings," Carli Daffern, 14, said of Ramirez, who she said is her best friend and neighbor. "None of us can get any real intel," Tribble wrote in a text message. "We've been calling hospitals asking because we still can't get any names or anything ... (Authorities are) trying to keep people calm but names aren't being released and now certain parents are getting riled up." Leia Olinde, a local business owner, came to look for her aunt, Tisdale, but acknowledged she was growing more concerned. "If everything was fine and she was OK she would have found a way to contact her husband by now," she said. Community members and officers escorted families out of the facility by early Friday evening. Some walked briskly, heads down. Others, sobbing, needed guidance, a supportive hand on an arm. One woman pulled her T-shirt up to cover her face. Officers blocked traffic. Friends or family had cars waiting. The community had seemed to reach a silent agreement that, at the very least, they could help the families leave this place, saturated with 10 solid hours of stress and uncertainty, quickly. Tribble stayed. Just before 6 p.m., she learned Ramirez died. Pagourtzis appeared in the evening before Henry, the county judge, who arraigned him on charges of capital murder and aggravated assault on a public servant. Henry denied bond. Pagourtzis made a quick appearance and stayed mostly silent. He asked for a court-appointed lawyer. Investigators found carbon dioxide canisters wrapped with duct tape but no detonators, and a pressure cooker with an alarm clock and nails, but no explosive, Henry said. They also discovered an unspent Molotov cocktail  a bottle filled with flammable liquid. "I think he wanted people to think they were explosives, but they were not," Henry said, adding authorities have no reports of explosions during the shooting. Still, investigators took their time searching Pagourtzis' vehicle and house, several miles from the high school on Highway 6. Pagourtzis used guns owned by his father, Abbott said, and did not have a legal right to possess them. "I have no information ... whether the father knows the weapons were taken," he said. No clear motive emerged, but Abbott said the teen revealed in journals that he had planned to kill himself after the attack. "He didn't have the courage to end his life," Abbott said. The student's social media persona included a photo of a "BORN TO KILL" T-shirt, German nationalist symbols and indications of an affinity for guns. He also participated in a Greek Orthodox dance team, according to a church website. Hopkins and Wingate, who fled the school in the Jeep, said they knew Pagourtzis from the football team and welding classes. "He always wore dark clothes and that trench coat," Wingate said. "He would go outside and sit in a corner. The teacher always had to go out to find him." A woman who answered the phone at a number associated with the Pagourtzis family declined to speak with The Associated Press. "Give us our time right now, thank you," she said. In the arrest affidavit, officers said Pagourtzis told them he avoided shooting students he liked, "so he could have his story told." REACTION: 'Yall been sending thoughts and prayers for two decades now' The high school's Earl Routh Field House turned into a command post for law enforcement. They established a mass casualty unit, and a makeshift morgue. Bodies remained inside the school into the evening. Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center put out a call for donations, especially for type O negative. Leaders across the political spectrum condemned the violence. Abbott, a Republican, said he planned to convene a roundtable on school shootings to hear from victims as well as proponents of gun rights. Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, a Republican from Houston, said a response should be focused on access to schools and retrofitting schools to prevent attacks. He said gun owners should lock them up to keep them safe. Democratic State Rep. Gene Wu of Houston, however, tweeted: "Y'all been sending thoughts and prayers for two freaking decades now. Time to try something new." President Donald J. Trump in February promised to stand up to the National Rifle Association to impose new gun restrictions, before telling the NRA in May that the Second Amendment would "never ever be under siege as long as I am your president." On Friday, Trump emphasized keeping guns away from people who shouldn't have them. "This has been going on too long in our country. Too many years. Too many decades now," he said. "We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this absolutely horrific attack. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High, we're with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever. My administration is determined to do everything in our power to protect our students, secure our schools and keep weapons out of the hands of those who pose a threat to themselves and to others." Former Astronaut Mark Kelly, who lived in the area of Santa Fe, near Johnson Space Center, for 15 years, said he and his wife, former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords were devastated. Giffords was injured in a shooting at an event in her Arizona district in 2011. "It is our moral obligation to protect the vulnerable," Kelly wrote on social media. "The adults, the politicians, are responsible for the safety of children." Santa Fe had an active shooter drill in February, junior Brittany Hale said. It then went on lockdown Feb. 28, 14 days after Parkland, after a threat was reported, junior Jacob Smirkik said. Though school was in session the next day, he said few attended. "This time," he said, "there was no warning." On Thursday, David Hogg, a Parkland student, had a chilling premonition as he spoke to reporters at an event in Los Angeles. "There is someone alive right now that will not be alive at this time tomorrow and has never even thought about gun violence," he said, "but everyone around them will have to for the rest of their lives." Minutes after the Santa Fe shooting, it was becoming clear that the schools would forever be linked. "Santa Fe High, you didn't deserve this," tweeted Emma Gonzlez, an outspoken Parkland survivor. "You deserve peace all your lives, not just after a tombstone saying that is put over you. You deserve more than Thoughts and Prayers, and after supporting us by walking out, we will be there to support you by raising up your voices." Santa Fe students walked out just last month in support of the national protests against gun violence in schools. In one photo that surfaced again Friday, a group of those walking out held up a poster. Someone had scrawled on it in black marker: "Santa Fe High School says #NeverAgain." BREAKING NEWS ALERTS: Text CHRON to 77453 to receive breaking news text alerts from the Houston Chronicle. Reporters Todd Ackerman, Gabrielle Banks, St. John Barned-Smith, Keri Blakinger, Dug Begley, Jacob Carpenter, Susan Carroll, Jenny Deam, Matt Dempsey, Kevin Diaz, Robert Downen, Collin Eaton, Lindsay Ellis, Emily Foxhall, Jose Gonzalez, Maggie Gordon, David Hunn, Samantha Ketterer, Jaimy Jones, Lomi Kriel, Brooke Lewis, Mike Morris, Ileana Najarro, Nick Powell, Monica Rhor, Kirk Sides, Mike Snyder, Alex Stuckey, Paul Takahashi and Mike Ward contributed to this report. <N> I was shaking as I shouldered the rifle and peered through the scope at the small steel target 100 yards downrange. It was officially the coldest day in Las Vegas history, and I was in the middle of the desert, buffeted by wind and surrounded by the professional gun press, about to fire an AR-15 for the first time. I grew up with guns, and I even own a small .22-caliber target pistol that I take to the range occasionally. But I had fired a rifle maybe twice in the past five years. I was a novice, and I was frozen to the core. I flinched as I pulled the trigger the first time, sending my shot wide of the mark. But the recoil wasn't nearly as bad as I had feared; in fact, the shot was actually pleasant. I fired again with more confidence, and the bullet rang the distant steel plate like a bell; then the next shot hit, and the next. "You're doing great," said Justin Harvel, founder of Black Rain Ordnance and maker of the gun I was shooting. "It's not me," I replied. "I've never shot like this in my life. It's gotta be this gun." "Yeah, it's definitely not your daddy's hunting rifle, is it? In the wake of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, the AR-15 has gone from the most popular rifle in America to the most scrutinized and, in some quarters, vilified. Also known in its fully automatic, military incarnation as the M16, the rifle was racking up record sales in the years before Sandy Hook, but now, in the midst of a renewed effort to ban this weapon and others like it from civilian hands, the AR-15 market has gone nuclear, with some gun outlets rumored to have done three years' worth of sales in the three weeks after Newtown. Now that the post-Newtown nation has suddenly woken up to the breakout popularity of the AR-15, a host of questions are being asked, especially about who is buying these rifles, and why. Why would normal, law-abiding Americans want to own a deadly weapon that was clearly designed for military use? Why are existing AR-15 owners buying as many of these rifles as they can get their hands on? Are these people Doomsday preppers? Militia types, arming for a second American Civil War? Or are they young military fantasists whose minds have been warped by way too much Call of Duty? Preppers, militia types, and SEAL Team 6 wannabes are certainly represented in the AR-15's customer base. But fringe groups don't adequately explain the roughly 5 million "black rifles" (as fans of the gun tend to call it) that are now in the hands of the public. No, the real secret to the AR-15's incredible success is that this rifle is the "personal computer" of the gun world. In the past two decades, the AR-15 has evolved into an open, modular gun platform that's infinitely hackable and accessorizable. With only a few simple tools and no gunsmithing expertise, an AR-15 can be heavily modified, or even assembled from scratch, from widely available parts to suit the fancy and fantasy of each individual user. In this respect, the AR-15 is the world's first "maker" gun, and this is why its appeal extends well beyond the military enthusiasts that many anti-gun types presume make up its core demographic. Is the iPhone in this picture, taken at this year's SHOT Show in Las Vegas, an AR-15 accessory, or is the AR-15 an iPhone accessory? Photo: Jon Stokes The Gun as Gadget  "It's something mechanical; it's modular in fashion," is how Jay Duncan, VP of Sales at Daniel Defense, begins when asked to describe the appeal of the AR-15. "Because it's so modular you can build the firearm the way that you want it, and it can be like nobody else's firearm. It's about personalization." As an early employee of one of the fastest-growing high-end AR-15 makers, Duncan has the perfect perch from which to observe the black rifle's transition in shooting circles from a scary military oddity to the hottest item in the gun store. He  and everyone else I talked to  credit the gun's flexibility for the surge in interest. Users can change calibers by swapping out barrels, bolts, and magazines; they can add and remove accessories like Trijicon optics, Surefire flashlights, or Crimson Trace laser sights; they can swap out the rail system on the gun's fore-end to accommodate more or fewer accessories; they can change grip styles and stock sizes to tailor the gun to fit their own body; they can even theme the gun with special paints and decals (zombie apocalypse themes are popular, but I've also seen Hello Kitty). And they can do all of this by either ordering new parts and accessories from online or local shops, or by taking parts from different guns in their collection and mixing and matching them to produce something completely new. "I always tease that it's like Legos for grown men," Duncan elaborates, "because there's plenty of guys that get one, two, six ARs. And they're constantly tinkering with them  changing barrel lengths, changing optics, putting different sights on them. It's the same reason that a guy gets into remote-controlled cars or fly tying. Because it's a fun hobby, and it's a distraction from reality sometimes." A 2011 survey by the National Shooting Sports Foundation backs up Duncan's portrait of AR-15 buyers as accessory-obsessed tinkerers. The poll found that AR-15 owners possess an average of 2.6 black rifles, and spend an average of $436 on accessories and customizations. This is the gun-as-gadget, a relatively new consumer phenomenon born from the unholy union of the post-9/11 national security state and America's decades-old obsession with hackable, high-performance hardware. From muscle cars to motorbikes to ultra-high-wattage stereo systems, Americans love to take their toys way over the top, and for all its deadliness and terrifying power, the AR-15 is a terrifically fun toy. Photo: Wikimedia Commons The AR-15 even boasts a performance-oriented enthusiast community that flocks to blogs and online bulletin boards to share tips, tweaks, hacks, new builds, product reviews, individual component reviews, photos of fancy new paint-jobs and blinged-out barrels, and benchmarks measured in FPS (feet per second, for bullet velocity). Anyone who was part of the PC enthusiast community of the late '90s and early 2000s will instantly recognize the brand of over-the-top hardware geekery on display like AR-15.com and MajorPandemic. In one thread on AR-15.com, a user shows off a newly built rifle, meticulously assembled from scratch and coated in a burnt bronze cerakote. Each part was carefully chosen to work with all of the other parts, and the rest of the forum's denizens check in to drool over the finished product. The user's decision to go with burnt bronze might have been influenced by this earlier thread, which is dedicated to pictures of AR-15's of different makes and styles with burnt bronze coatings. Or, maybe he took a look at the picture thread dedicated to ARs with flat dark earth-colored accessories and decided he needed something with a little more bling to it. Then there are the add-ons, like slings, lights, lasers, and so on. There's a whole thread on AR-15.com devoted to pictures of users' AR slings. Another thread is only for pictures of rail systems made by a single manufacturer. Here's a thread with nothing but pictures of lights mounted on AR-15's, and it's been active since 2004. Completing the gun-as-PC analogy, the AR-15 community even has its own operating system flame war  users literally refer to a critical part of the gun as the "operating system"  with proponents of the traditional direct gas impingement operating system facing off against newfangled piston operating system fanboys in gun forums across the internet. The debate has become so played out on AR forums that most threads on the topic now end fairly quickly, with a plea that the original poster just use Google. "We have had a gazillion threads on this comparison," writes user ArtEatman in a recent Firing Line thread on the topic. "So far, there is no 'preponderance of evidence' after bunches and bunches of posts on both sides of the squabble that either one is better than the other." A U.S. paratrooper holding an AR-15 signals to his squad to form a defensive perimeter during a patrol near Duc Pho, 330 miles northeast of Saigon, Vietnam, June 5, 1967. Photo: AP The First High-Tech Battle Rifle  The AR-15 was born from data. In the early 1960s, Defense Secretary Robert McNamaras famously statistics-driven Pentagon was itching to replace the M14, an Army-designed gun that, despite its successful use in earlier conflicts, had turned out to be a poor fit for the jungles of Vietnam. McNamara's Department of Defense was finally paying heed to previously ignored Army studies indicating that the M14's heavy, long-range, .308-caliber cartridge was overkill on the battlefield. The military came to realize the need for a smaller-caliber rifle that would be primarily effective at close range and could be easily fired in controlled bursts of three to five shots. Soldiers equipped with a lighter rifle and a smaller .223-caliber cartridge would be able to carry more bullets per pound of weight, and would be able to control their fire more easily because of the gun's considerably lower recoil. The solution came from Eugene Stoner, the lead gun designer at the ArmaLite Division of the Fairchild Engine and Airplane Corporation  a cutting-edge gun-design shop that had been working for years on a next-generation rifle that would use modern materials like machined aluminum and injection-molded plastic. For all its ambition, ArmaLite had produced only a string of dead-end prototypes, until its last one. The AR-15  for ArmaLite Rifle  was designed specifically for the smaller-caliber cartridges. ArmaLite licensed the AR-15 to Colt  the "IBM" of the AR-15 story  which began turning out guns by the thousands. The Air Force was the first branch of the military to adopt the new rifle, which it dubbed the M16, and after some initial resistance (mostly attributable to NIH syndrome) the Army, too, broke down and ordered a few thousand rifles for testing in Vietnam. The field trials were a smashing success. Troops loved the new gun because of its ergonomic design and easy handling, vastly preferring it to the Army brass' beloved M14. The newfangled plastic, aluminum, and stamped-steel gun, which looked like something out of Buck Rogers, was so much easier to use than the M14 that in marksmanship tests troops were able to qualify as expert marksmen at a dramatically higher rate given the same amount of training time. The AR-15's step-function improvement in individual usability gave a significant boost to squad-level battlefield performance. Army studies showed that a five-man squad armed with AR-15's had as much kill potential as an 11-man squad armed with the M14. Vietnam made the M16 a commercial success for Colt, but by the time the U.S. pulled out of Asia the black rifle's reputation was in tatters  and not just with the general public, but with the very same groups who now defend it as "America's gun." The main mark against McNamara's modern marvel was the terrible reputation for unreliability that it had gained as the conflict wore on. Then there was the stigma associated with Vietnam itself  returning soldiers were spit on and tarred as "baby killers," and the M16, being the iconic rifle of that conflict, shared in the ignominy. Even cowboy and conservative icon Ronald Reagan had no love for the black rifle, and didn't think it belonged in civilian hands. And when the AR-15 was targeted in the first assault weapons ban in 1994, the NRA actually lent its grudging support to the measure. (Though only after the insertion of a "sunset clause" allowing the ban to expire years later.) The NRA's support for the original assault-weapon legislation highlights the often-hostile divide between the hunting/casual shooting crowd and black-rifle enthusiasts. For the outdoorsmen that I grew up with in Louisiana, guns were not "cool" the way that motorbikes and fast cars are. They're dangerous yet necessary tools, to be respected and feared. Nicer guns are also viewed as cherished heirlooms and objects of American folk art. But above all, for the hunter, guns are about tradition  the tradition of fathers and sons sharing the outdoors together; the tradition of sportsmanship and respect for prey that keeps the single-shot long gun alive in an age of semi-automatics; and the tradition of checkered wood and polished steel that makes my gun much the same as my father's, and his father's, and so on back through the generations. Nothing about the black rifle is traditional. For years it owed its rising popularity to the very same videogames and movies that NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre recently lambasted in his post-Newtown rant. Ultimately, the trend-following, innovation-hungry, entertainment-driven black-rifle culture is the exact opposite of traditional hunting culture, and the hunting-oriented leadership of the NRA and National Shooting Sports Federation (NSSF) once went to great lengths to distance themselves from the black-rifle crowd. To these old-timers, the AR-15 just didn't seem like a "hunting rifle" in any meaningful sense of the word. In addition to its non-traditional look and the aforementioned stigmas attached to it, the AR's small-caliber cartridge ruled it out for many hunters. Accustomed to taking down trophy bucks with a hefty .30-caliber round, they ridiculed the AR-15 as a "mouse gun" and feared that its smaller .223-caliber bullet would only wound an animal, instead of taking it down with a single, clean shot. Other hunters whose opinions of the AR were formed mostly by Hollywood movies hated the gun for the opposite reason, fearing that machine-gun-toting yahoos would be out shredding game, trees, and possibly other hunters with a spray of uber-high-powered bullets. Either way, traditionalist hunters felt that these modern "tactical" rifles were designed solely for armed combat, and therefore had no place in a sport where the prey can't actually shoot back. As recently as 2004, when the NSSF still had the policy of disallowing AR-15 makers to display any "tactical" imagery on the floor of SHOT, the gun industry's main annual trade show, the AR-15 could be shown off only as a hunting rifle. "When we first started coming to the SHOT show, you weren't allowed to have anything tactical," says Trey Knight of Knight's Armament Company. At the time, KAC was strictly a boutique supplier of advanced weapons and accessories for U.S. Special Operations Forces, with no civilian customer base to speak of. "I had to make fake flyers that showed our guns in a hunting context," Knight said. "They wouldn't allow you to show anything that had camouflage or any military aspect to it." "If you had a picture, you couldn't have [the model] in a helmet," recalls Jesse Starnes of DoubleStar, one of the mid-range AR-15 makers. "It had to be a hunter hat or something." Fast-forward to SHOT 2012, where the black rifle was clearly the star of the show, and tactical gear of all types was on display everywhere. The NSSF is now fully on board the black-rifle train, as is the NRA. In a fairly short amount of time, the AR-15 has gone from an up-and-coming underdog in gun circles to the hottest-selling firearm anyone has ever seen, anywhere. From Black Sheep to Top Dog  The single biggest force affecting the AR-15's destiny has been the U.S. military's response to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. After 9/11, the Rumsfeld Defense Department's counterterrorism doctrine made U.S. Special Operations Forces "the point of the spear" in the global war on terror. That war wouldn't primarily be fought by general-purpose forces on a well-defined battlefield, never mind the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan. Instead, it would be fought in the shadows by small, fast-moving, elite groups of specialists with names like Delta Force and DEVGRU. These Special-Ops groups have a legendary appetite for high-performance, custom hardware. As the ranks of the special operations forces exploded in the wake of 9/11, so did the market for high-end AR-15's and accessories. Then in 2004, the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban expired. That meant the AR-15 accessories market  the civilian side of which had been held back by the ban's fairly arbitrary restrictions on what could and could not be attached to a black rifle  was unleashed. By then, the entertainment and videogame industries had begun to glorify the exploits of special ops groups, and gamers and moviegoers were delighted to learn that they could get their hands on substantially the same gear that their on-screen idols use to take down terrorists. In the years following the expiration of the ban, the once-tiny AR-15 corner of the firearms market grew at a healthy clip as the manufacturers who got their start selling guns and accessories to U.S. Special Operations Forces began serving the elite troops' growing civilian fan base. Daniel Defense, for instance, has seen 100 percent year-over-year growth in the number of guns shipped since it began making complete rifles in 2003. The company, which was founded in 2000, went from being a part-time hobby for its hacker founder to a full-time business when it was asked by Special Forces to put in a bid for a new AR rail system. Today, over 70 percent of Daniel Defense's rapidly growing business is civilian. Black rifle? Not so much when you give the AR-15 a Hello Kitty motif. Photo: Courtesy of David Christian No other company that I talked to could boast 1,000 percent growth over the past decade, but they all told similar (if less dramatic) stories of strong growth from 2004 to 2008, and they tended to fit the same pattern. They were started prior to or during the 1994 ban; they were founded by a hacker who had innovated in some small aspect of the rifle; as the ban lifted and the platform's popularity began to build, they got into making other accessories and parts, and, in some cases, whole guns. The military, in turn, has benefited directly from the fresh civilian money flowing into the AR-15 market. As companies and innovation multiplied in the AR-15 space, the AR-15 platform as a whole became even more modular, ergonomic, and effective. Much like the military, civilian AR shooters are on a never-ending quest for improvements in accuracy, reliability, and comfort, and there are a few orders of magnitude more of the latter group than the former. Thus the locus of innovation in the AR-15 ecosystem is now moving to the civilian side of the industry, as shooters in new niches take up the rifle and leave their own mark on it through tweaking and innovation. Indeed, much like a certain other product of Cold War-era research that was first used for business, then for pleasure, and now sees its business users looking to the consumer market for the latest innovations, the AR-15 industry will one day reach the point at which it will be fair to say that the military is taking civilian technology and "militarizing" it, instead of vice versa. No, these are not toys  at least, not toys for children. They're real guns that have been "themed" with custom paint jobs at the Las Vegas SHOT Show, January 2013. Photo: Jon Stokes Gun Salesman of the Decade  Despite its ease of use and adaptability to different shooting niches, the AR-15 was only slowly catching on outside of its initial core demographic of gamers and others who had fallen into the post-9/11, SpecOps-inspired "tactical lifestyle" when the 2008 election of Barack Obama changed everything. Whipped into a frenzy by the NRA's dire warnings of an Democratic gun grab should Obama win the presidency, gun enthusiasts from every demographic slice of American gun culture flocked to the stores after election day to fill out their arsenals ahead of the ban that they believed to be coming. As the item most likely to be banned, the AR-15 had particular appeal to panicked gun buyers. All of the AR-15 and accessory makers I talked to told me that their business had grown steadily from about 2000 until 2008, at which point it went supernova. But not even the 2008 panic can compare to the post-Newtown frenzy, in which some gunmakers claimed that their orders went up by 1,000 percent. Both of these panics have brought a massive influx of new shooters to the AR, people who would never have considered a black rifle before. I visited a number of gun shops in the Bay Area and in Houston, Texas in the days and weeks after Newtown. As the walls grew more barren and the lines longer, I heard the same story again and again from first-time AR buyers: "I never really wanted one of these before. I've only owned and shot hunting rifles and shotguns. But now that they're about to be banned, I'd better go ahead and get one while I can." The SHOT attendees I spoke with all had similar stories of empty gun store walls and panic-buying doctors and lawyers paying $5,000 for what would have been a $2,000 gun just a week earlier. In bringing new, non-"tactical" shooters to the AR, the twin panics of 2008 and 2012 have also done much to heal the aforementioned schism between the black rifle and hunting crowds. For every hunter like Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV), who shares the NRA old guard's hostility for all things tactical, there's another who hates the idea of the government banning the black rifle even more than they dislike the gun itself. Some of these hunters have gone out and bought an AR-15, and when they shoot their new toy, they're most likely hooked for life. From the morning that ArmaLite opened its doors in 1954 to the present, most of the innovation that has gone into the AR-15 has been aimed at making the gun as accurate and pleasurable to shoot as possible. The result is a gun that really is an order of magnitude easier to use effectively than many of the traditional wood-stocked rifles that black-rifle-hating hunters grew up with. For someone who enjoys shooting a $2,500 AR-15 from a company like Lewis Machine and Tool, Black Rain Ordnance, Daniel Defense, or KAC, is like a driving enthusiast sitting behind the wheel of an Italian or German supercar. It's a revelation, and the experience doesn't wear off quickly. <N> A Las Vegas concert. An Orlando night club. An elementary school in Newtown, Conn. A Texas church. And now a high school in Parkland, Fla. America's most popular weapon was there for all of them. AR-15-style rifles have increasingly appeared in American mass shootings, including the deadliest high school shooting in the nation's modern history at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., Wednesday. More from USA Today: Florida high school shooting: Here's what we know 20 years in, shootings have changed schools in unexpected ways Florida school shooting is the 6th to injure students this year The National Rifle Association has called the AR-15 the "most popular rifle in America" and estimates Americans own more than 8 million of them. The NRA said "the AR-15 has soared in popularity" because it's "customizable, adaptable, reliable and accurate." It is also versatile and can be used for "sport shooting, hunting and self-defense situations," the NRA said, adding the ability to "personalize" so many of the rifle's components "is one of the things that makes it so unique." The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence said the AR-15, a civilian model of the military's M-16, also cited the weapon's versatility in evaluating its popularity. "They're accurate and they can basically shoot as quickly as you can pull the trigger," according to a campaign statement. "Along those lines, they're very customizable  most average people can figure out how to install accessories like forward trigger grips that let you hold the gun at waist height and spray bullets while stabilizing the gun, laser sights, and you can add high-capacity magazines." But Dean Hazen, owner of The Gun Experts in Mahomet, Ill., and a master firearms instructor, said the reason mass shooters are turning to the AR-15 is due to a "copy-cat" mentality more than any feature of the rifle. "It's really just a perception thing," Hazen said. "There are rifles that are more powerful and more dangerous than that, but they're not being used." Hazen said the AR-15 has "gotten a bad rap." He believes mass shooters generally don't know much about guns and choose the AR-15 because of the reputation it has gotten from being used in other mass shootings. "Thank God they don't know any better because if they did they would use much more effective weapons," Hazen said. Here is a list of mass shootings in the U.S. that featured AR-15-style rifles during the last 35 years, courtesy of the Stanford Geospatial Center and Stanford Libraries and USA TODAY research: <N> The AR-15 Getty One of the guns that suspect James Holmes used in the Colorado theater massacre of at least 12 people early Friday morning is quickly reigniting the gun-control debate. The AR-15 is a semi-automatic assault rifle that is a civilian version of the military's M-16. According to CNN, it's capable of carrying up to 100 rounds. It shoots one bullet at a time that "may go through two people" at once. And it's legal in the United States. After the Aurora Police Department revealed that this was one of the guns Holmes used, outrage ensued online, mostly because the gun would have been a lot harder to purchase under the Federal Assault Weapons Ban that expired in 2004. Congress has not voted to replace the bill, which was enacted in 1994 but had a "sunset provision" that let it expire. Here's a breakdown of some of the more harsh restrictions it would have faced under the 1994 bill, via The Guardian: The manufacture and import of AR-15s and similar weapons, such as AK-47s, were banned in the US in 1994. There were also limits on the size of magazines that could be fitted, limiting them to holding no more than 10 bullets. Those prohibitions fell away 10 years later, and attempts to revive them have failed in the face of objections from the powerful National Rifle Association allowing Holmes not only to purchase the powerful weapon but also to fit it with the magazine drum holding a large number of bullets. Think Progress also noted that the expiration of the ban closed the loopholes needed to purchase an AR-15. In 2004, presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney signed a permanent assault weapons ban into law in Massachusetts. That included guns like the AR-15. "I believe the people should have the right to bear arms, but I don't believe that we have to have assault weapons as part of our personal arsenal," he said on Fox News in 2004. On Romney's campaign website, he suggests that Congress does not need to revisit the assault weapons ban. His campaign website highlights legislation that "expanded the rights" of gun owners that Romney signed while he was governor, but does not mention the assault weapons ban: Like the majority of Americans, Mitt does not believe that the United States needs additional laws that restrict the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. He believes in the safe and responsible ownership and use of firearms and the right to lawfully manufacture and sell firearms and ammunition. He also recognizes the extraordinary number of jobs and other economic benefits that are produced by hunting, recreational shooting, and the firearms and ammunition industry, not the least of which is to fund wildlife and habitat conservation. When President Barack Obama was elected in 2008, he said he hoped a new assault weapons ban would be in place by the end of his first 100 days in office. He supports new legislation, but Congress has not brought a new bill to the floor. <N> Modifications made to rifles used Wednesday in the mass shooting in San Bernardino made them technically illegal to possess in California under the state's assault weapons ban. Fourteen people died and 19 people were injured in the shooting at the Inland Regional Center. Two police officers were later injured during a shootout that killed suspects Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik. Meredith Davis, a special agent with the bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms, said the rifles were purchased legally. But the .223 caliber Smith & Wesson M&P 15 authorities recovered had been modified to make it fully automatic, illegal under federal law. A field test of the rifle showed the modification did not work, she said. The other rifle - a .223 caliber DPMS A-15 - was modified to accept a high-capacity magazine, and to bypass the so-called bullet button, which makes removing a magazine easier, Davis said. California bans guns with magazines that detach for quick reloading. Since 2000 the state has banned the sale or manufacture of magazines that can hold more than 10 rounds. At least four magazines designed to hold 30 rounds were recovered from the Inland Regional Center. Technicians are coming to California to examine both rifles to make an official determination, Davis said. Davis said the agency isn't publicizing where the rifles were sold, and declined to name the person who purchased the rifles citing the ongoing investigation. Earlier Friday, the Dave Bowdich, the FBIs assistant director in charge of the Los Angeles Field Office, said the agency has spoken to the person who purchased the rifles. "That person is not under arrest at this point," Bowdich said. The rifles and two semi-automatic handguns were found Wednesday following the shootout. The handguns recovered had not been modified, Davis said. Authorities said Farook purchased those firearms legally. Authorities also recovered thousands of rounds of ammunition, explosive devices and a .22 caliber rifle. Legislators enacted California's assault weapons ban in 1989. Following a court challenge in 2000, the law was upheld. Gun owners could keep their assault weapons provided they registered with the state before Jan. 23, 2001. There are some 145,000 assault weapons that remain in the state under this grandfather provision, according to state Department of Justice data. <N> Shooters weapon described as AR-15 variant Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Image of Ruger AR-556. Image of Ruger AR-556. Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 2 of 2 Gov. Greg Abbott addresses the media at the Stockdale City Hall during a news conference concerning the mass shooting Sunday at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs. Gov. Greg Abbott addresses the media at the Stockdale City Hall during a news conference concerning the mass shooting Sunday at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs. Photo: Bob Owen /San Antonio Express-News Shooters weapon described as AR-15 variant 1 / 2 Back to Gallery The 26-year-old man who walked into a Sutherland Springs church and opened fire did so with a variant of the AR-15, a popular rifle that is based on the militarys M-16, police said Sunday. The rifle used by Devin Kelley was the Ruger AR-556, Texas Department of Public Safety Regional Director Freeman Martin said in a news conference. The AR-15 is more of a category than a specific weapon. It is known for being customizable, with hundreds of variants, each with its own characteristics. Rugers AR-15 variant, the AR-556, comes with a suggested retail price of $849 and weighs 6.5 pounds. Colt owns the trademark for the AR-15, but hundreds of companies have produced their own versions of the weapon. Gun owners are able to mix and match elements such as barrels, grips and stocks. Some variants are able to fire pistol rounds and even can be modified to fire shotgun rounds. The AR-15, like its military cousin the M-16, is a magazine-fed, gas-operated, air-cooled weapon. While the maximum range of an AR-15 variant depends on its setup, the M-16 has a maximum effective range of 600 to 800 yards. Unlike the M-16, the stock AR-15 does not have burst or automatic fire modes. One trigger pull in an unmodified rifle fires off one round. Some modifications or firing techniques can allow the weapon to mimic an automatic rifle. Mass murderers have used AR-15 variants in the past. Rifles based on the AR-15 were used in mass shootings in Newtown, Connecticut; Aurora, Colorado; and San Bernardino, California. The Orlando shooter used a Sig Sauer MCX, which is a weapon with different characteristics but based on similar concepts to the AR-15. The rifles appeal is boosted by its customization, according to the National Rifle association website. The AR-15s ability to be modified to your own personal taste is one of the things that makes it so unique, a post on the site reads. Sales of the gun traditionally have spiked after each mass shooting. It is unknown how many AR-15 variants are owned in the United States, but estimates range from 5 million to 8 million. The weapon did not reach its current levels of popularity until the expiration of the nations federal assault weapons ban in 2004. Groups such as the NRA and the National Shooting Sports Foundation have attacked critics of AR-15 variants in the past. While these rifles may cosmetically look like military rifles, they do not function the same way, a post on the National Shooting Sports Foundation site reads. A database of 143 mass shootings compiled by Mother Jones, going back to 1984, found 20 attacks that used guns that would have been illegal under the assault weapons ban that was in place from its passage in 1994 to its expiration. The AR-15 was specifically named in that ban. A history of the AR-15 by the Washington Post noted the weapon is typically loaded with a 30-round magazine. However, larger magazines carrying 75 to 100 rounds are commercially available, but unwieldy and sometimes prone to jamming. The AR in the name does not stand for assault rifle or automatic rifle. Instead it, stands for ArmaLite rifle, named for the company that developed the weapon. _EMAIL_ <N> Everyone knew Nikolas Cruz was deeply disturbed. He'd been in and out of mental health treatment. He'd been kicked out of school. His Instagram page was full of photos of dead animals and weapons. He was so frightening to teachers that he'd been banned from even carrying a backpack into school. So how does a guy like that get his hands on a military-style weapon capable of pumping dozens of rounds into innocent victims without even reloading? Well, this is Florida, so he just walks into a gun shop and buys one. Jim Lewis, an attorney for Cruz's family, tells reporters this morning that the 19-year-old had legally purchased the weapon of mass destruction that killed 17 people yesterday at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. It was his gun, family lawyer Jim Lewis said. The family made him keep it in a locked gun cabinet in the house, but he had a key. Because this is America and NRA-funded stooges such as Marco Rubio and Donald Trump run the country, nothing will change after yesterday's massacre. But if we lived in a sane nation, the details emerging about Cruz would inspire a strong debate about how to tighten access to weapons for the mentally ill  not to mention a realistic move to renew the ban on assault rifles like the AR-15 and on high-capacity magazines. Cruz had been scaring classmates and teachers for years. "The kid that shot used to break the toilets and bathrooms and was crazy," writes one Reddit user who says Cruz was a classmate. "I remember two years ago he broke a rooms glass." Cruz  who was adopted by a New York couple that later moved to Broward  was a member of the U.S. Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) at Stoneman Douglas High, where he freaked out his classmates by shooting rats. He was into some weird stuff, classmate Joshua Charo told the Miami Herald. It's not clear exactly why Cruz was booted from school, but classmates say it was for fighting and bringing bullets and knives onto campus. A teacher said the faculty had been warned not to let him carry a backpack. And a quick search through his since-deleted Instagram accounts shows they were right to worry. Cruz posed with animals he had killed. EXPAND via Instagram He also posted numerous photos of himself wearing face masks as well as piles of weapons: via Instagram Again, this was not a teenager secretly stewing and tricking everyone into thinking he was not a violent threat. Cruz made it abundantly clear that he wanted to harm people and that he was obsessed with getting the weapons to do so. Yet nothing in Florida's gun laws  which have been loosened by decades of NRA-funded Republican control to the point they barely exist  would prevent him from buying not only guns but also the deadliest military-style weapons available on the market. Gov. Rick Scott's avowed position on preventing mass shootings is to pray about them. Sen. Marco Rubio is a gun-lobby gremlin. Attorney General Pam Bondi will promise to pay for funerals but not to stop killings. And President Donald Trump revoked an executive order mandating tighter background checks for the mentally ill before they can buy weapons. So Nikolas Cruz, who was not allowed to carry a backpack to class, could legally walk into any gun shop in Florida and walk out with the firepower to do what everyone at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High had feared for years he might do. <N> Here's what you need to know about the guns some are calling "the gold standard for mass murder," after Orlando shooter Omar Mateen used the assault-style rifle Sig Sauer MCX to kill at least 49 people. (Editor's note: This video has been updated with more specific information.) (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post) In the hours after Sundays mass shooting at an Orlando night club, Chief John Mina of the Orlando Police Department said the gunmans weapons included a pistol and an AR-15-type assault rifle. On Monday night, officials clarified that the rifle Omar Mateen used in the shooting was not an AR-15, but a Sig Sauer MCX rifle. While aesthetically similar to and just as lethal as an AR-15, the MCX is internally a different beast, thus all but removing it from the AR-15 family of rifles. Yet while the weapon is different, the MCX and the AR-15 share the same design purpose: providing a highly portable, customizable, easy to operate and accurate rifle for the individual who possesses it. [A lawmaker plans to give away assault rifles as fundraiser prizes days after Orlando] As Bob Owens from the blog Bearing Arms points out, the MCX is a modular rifle designed to be able to change between a variety of calibers and otherwise has no major parts that interface with AR-15s in any way, shape or form. Originally designed for U.S. Special Operations forces, the MCX was built from the ground up to be lightweight and short, and it accepts a broad array of accessories, enabling you to build a complete weapon system for any scenario or environment, Sig Sauers website says. While able to shoot the same caliber ammunition  .223  as an AR-15, the MCX was initially meant to fire a round called a .300 Blackout. The relatively new caliber, according to Owens, was designed to provide Special Operations Command with a bullet that was as quiet as a pistol round but packed the range and lethality of a rifle cartridge. A side effect of the bullets design is that the it mimics the size of the round fired by AK-47-type rifles. The key difference, however, between the standard AR-15 series of rifles and the MCX is the operating system used to mechanically propel the bullet from the gun and cycle the next round to be fired. The initial AR-15 (AR standing for Armalite Rifle), designed by Eugene Stoner in the late 1950s, used a system called direct impingement. Most modern AR-15-type rifles use this system. Direct impingement means that when a round is fired, the gas generated from the fired bullet is shot through a hole in the barrel and is then channeled back through a tube that leads directly to the weapons bolt assembly. The gas, proceeding back to the rear of the rifle, moves the bolt assembly to the rear, subsequently ejecting the spent shell casing. A spring in the stock of the weapon then propels the bolt assembly forward again, inserting another bullet from the magazine into the rifles chamber, thus restarting the whole process. The MCX, however, is known as a piston gun, meaning it uses gas piston technology to operate the internals of the rifle. When the rifle is fired, instead of the excess gas going into a small tube that is directed to the bolt assembly, the gas is pushed into a cylinder that is connected to a piston. The gas in the cylinder then propels the piston, which then cycles the bolt much like the impingement system. Mikhail Kalashnikovs AK-47 series of rifles also uses a gas piston system. 1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad  What the investigation into the Orlando mass shooting looks like View Photos Officials are scouring the site and others in the area for information about the June 12 massacre. Caption Officials are scouring the site and others in the area for information about the June 12 massacre. June 15, 2016 Law enforcement officials gather outside Pulse nightclub in Orlando during the shooting investigation. David Goldman/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. Read more: Shooter Omar Mateens father says hes saddened by massacre, calls gunman a good son The history of the AR-15 This is the military-style equipment used to respond to the attack in Orlando <N> The AR-15, the military-style rifle that a gunman used to kill 17 people at a south Florida high school Wednesday, is at once a ferociously powerful weapon, a symbol of freedom and individualism, and an object of despairing worry about the future of democracy. It is, depending on which political and social camp you belong to, "America's rifle," a way to "Control Your Destiny" or a killing machine that has no legitimate place in civilian life. Every time a young man shoots up a school or other public gathering spot, the nation falls into a vituperative debate about whether the shooter's weapon and the culture surrounding it are a pernicious, uniquely American problem in need of swift remedy. The rifle, used in mass shootings in Newtown, Connecticut; Las Vegas; San Bernardino, California; and other grievous chapters, has become a barometer of the country's debates not only about gun rights, but about the role of the individual, the proper limits on government, and the impact of video games, movies and other forms of pop culture on young people. The AR-15 has come to carry connotations of heroism (a Remington ad said it gives "you the confidence and firepower to get the job done"), political resistance (tighter regulations could let government "subjugate Americans" and make them "live under tyranny," a National Rifle Association executive said), fun ("killin' zombies before it was cool," reads another ad) and mass murder (high-capacity magazines have been used in more than half of mass shootings over four decades, according to several studies). Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg AR-15 rifles and their cousins are among the nation's most popular and profitable weapons. The AR-15 fires one bullet with each pull of the trigger - thus, semiautomatic  but it is easily modified to shoot continuously until the trigger is released. AR-15 rifles and their cousins are among the nation's most popular and profitable weapons. The AR-15 fires one bullet with each pull of the trigger - thus, semiautomatic  but it is easily modified to shoot continuously until the trigger is released. (Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg) (Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg) AR-15 rifles and their cousins are among the nation's most popular and profitable weapons. The AR-15 fires one bullet with each pull of the trigger - thus, semiautomatic - but it is easily modified to shoot continuously until the trigger is released. A promotion for a $500 conversion device assures customers that a "new drop-in trigger promises to turn your basic AR into a (nearly) full-auto rifle, with no need for the onerous National Firearms Act licensing process." Nikolas Cruz, who confessed to the murders Thursday, bought his AR-15 legally, according to Peter Forcelli, the special agent in charge of the Miami office of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. About 1.3 million assault rifles are sold each year, according to a National Shooting Sports Foundation study. The AR-15 - its initials come not from "assault rifle" but from its original manufacturer, Armalite - is a descendant of the machine guns Nazi infantrymen used against Soviet forces in World War II. In the United States, the weapon traces its origins to a contract the Pentagon gave in 1957 to Armalite, which designed it from plastic and aircraft-grade aluminum, rather than the wood and heavier metal that traditional rifles used. (The most popular such weapon worldwide is the AR-15's Russian relative, the AK-47 or Kalashnikov, which dates to 1947 and has also been widely used by terrorists and mass murderers.) The AR-15, later renamed the M-16, was designed to give U.S. soldiers the confidence that their firearm would efficiently mow down the enemy. The M-16 was the United States' signature weapon in the Vietnam War; its descendants, chiefly the M4 carbine, are standard equipment to this day. On the civilian market, the AR-15 didn't sell terribly well for years, in part because of its connection with the Vietnam conflict, which was no one's idea of a model of American greatness. Many gun enthusiasts didn't like the AR-15 because it was so light; some dismissed it as feeling like a toy. But the AR-15 found new life in 2004, when President George W. Bush scrapped the ban on assault weapons that had been enacted under President Bill Clinton in 1994. And in 2005, Bush signed into law a measure protecting arms makers and dealers from liability for crimes committed with their products. The NRA called it "the most significant piece of pro-gun legislation in 20 years." AR-15s flew off the shelves. Sales spiked again during the Obama administration, when the country suffered a flurry of mass shootings, which in turn led to calls by Democrats to reinstate the ban on assault weapons. Persistent campaigns by the NRA and many Republican supporters of gun rights spread the idea that President Barack Obama intended to ban and confiscate Americans' firearms, leading to a massive surge in sales. Obama never launched any such initiative. Like abortion, immigration and political correctness, assault weapons cleave the country into sharply divided camps, separated by their vocabulary and coarsely cynical about each other's motives. Even its name is controversial. Opponents call it an "assault rifle," arguing that it is designed solely to kill people and has no legitimate recreational use. Its defenders, who prefer to say "semiautomatic rifles" or "military-style rifles," counter that it's no different from other rifles and is suitable for hunting, target shooting and self-defense. The NRA dubbed it "America's rifle." Over the past few decades, the military-style rifle has become a symbol not only of the political divide between gun control people and gun rights people, but also of the cultural gulf between those who believe it is essentially American to take up arms in the service of righteous vengeance and those who believe society should focus instead on less violent approaches to resolving conflict. In portions of the country where guns are still commonly owned, AR-15s have become family fare. They are so easy to use - simple to fire, light to hold - that some retailers recommend them for children. The model is, according to the NRA, the most commonly used rifle in marksmanship training and competition. Its 30-round magazines allows for rapid firing - even before modifications. And unlike handgun purchases, which carry a minimum age of 21 and require a three-day waiting period before a transaction can be completed, anyone 18 and over with a clean record can walk out of a Florida gun shop with an AR-15 in a matter of minutes. (Cruz is 19.) Even as much of the advertising for the rifles centers on sport use and self-defense, the AR-15 has spawned a sprawling industry that serves and generates assault-rifle hobbyists. Enthusiasts sometimes describe the AR-15 as "the man's Barbie doll," an almost infinitely malleable collectible that owners can accessorize with infrared scopes, grips, flashlights and other add-ons. On average, AR-15 owners hold at least three versions of the firearm and spend more than $400 per rifle to accessorize them, according to industry research. <N> A woman in Oklahoma died after she was mauled by dachshund mixes allegedly belonging to a neighbor. On Thursday, 52-year-old Tracy Garcia was attacked by a pack of seven dogs  all weighing less than 40 pounds and shorter than knee-length  near her home on Banyon Road in Ardmore, Oklahoma, reports KXII News 12. From what it appeared, about seven dogs had attacked her, Carter County Sheriff Chris Bryant told Oklahoma News Four, adding that when authorities arrived on the scene, one of the dogs charged at them, and they ultimately had to shoot the canine. Unfortunately, yes, we had to shoot one dog, Bryant told the outlet. It did charge our deputies and to protect our deputies, as well as the medical personnel, we did have to put down a dog. The remaining six dogs were euthanized at their owners request, according to KXII News 12. Tracy Garcia Griffin - Hillcrest Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox. According to the euthanasia technician, Amanda Dinwiddie, all of the dogs were standard dachshund  also known as sausage or weiner dogs  mixes, with six of the canines being a mix of dachshund and terrier, while the other was believed to be a border collie mix. A predominant breed in these dogs is definitely standard dachshund, Dinwiddie told KXII-12. They have really noticeable characteristics like their knobby legs, knees, very short legged dogs and their coats. Dinwiddie added that the dogs  three of which were females and the other four males  ranged from probably a year to about three years old. RELATED: 4-Year-Old Texas Boy Fatally Mauled in His Backyard by Familys Large Breed Dog In addition, Dinwiddie said that the dogs did not have any visible health concerns, but noted that they were all infested with fleas and ticks. KXII This is a bad situation, a very unfortunate situation, Carter County Sheriff Chris Bryant told KTEN News. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of the victims, he added. This is just a bad deal all the way around. According to KXII 12, Bryant says the incident, which is still under investigation, will be turned over to the District Attorneys office for review. <N> A woman was mauled by seven dogs near this location just east of Ardmore. (KTEN) CARTER COUNTY, Okla. -- Officials said a woman was attacked and killed by a neighbor's dogs on Thursday night. Carter County Sheriff Chris Bryant said the victim -- whose name has not yet been released -- was attacked by seven dogs and later died from her injuries. Bryant said the incident happened before 10 p.m. at a residence just east of Ardmore on Banyon Road. He said one of the dogs was a pit bull; the others were medium-sized dogs of other breeds, all with the same owner. "Once we were notified that this female had succumbed to her injuries, the owner of the dogs decided to put the dogs down," Sheriff Bryant said. There have been no arrests. Bryant said he believes the victim lived in the area of the attack. "It's really scary because my kids play out here all the time," one neighbor told KTEN. "Even if I'm out here with them, it's just scary having dogs roaming around attacking people." There is no "leash law" in unincorporated areas of Carter County. "Most municipalities do, but the county does not," Sheriff Bryant said. "Just be aware your your surroundings and if you have any issues with livestock or animals or anything like that, please give us a call." The sheriff said the autopsy results will be forwarded to the district attorney's office to determine if the owner of the dogs will face charges. <N> WARNING: Images shown in video are graphic. Carter County Sheriff Chris Bryant says Tracy Garcia, 52, was attacked and killed by a neighbor's dogs near her home on Banyon Road outside Ardmore Thursday night. Deputies shot and killed one dog that charged them. They took the other six to the Westwood Veterinary Hospital to be put down at the owners request. The dogs were then sent to the Ardmore Animal Shelter. "There were seven dogs - three were females, four of them were males," Dinwiddie said. "They all ranged from probably a year to about three years (old)." The shelter's euthanasia technician Amanda Dinwiddie says six of the dogs are believed to be standard dachshund and terrier mix, one is believed to be a border collie mix. None of the dogs weighed more than 40 pounds and taller than knee high. "A predominant breed in these dogs is definitely standard dachshund," Dinwiddie said. "They have really noticeable characteristics like their knobby legs, knees, very short legged dogs and their coats." Dinwiddie says the dogs were infested with fleas and ticks but didn't have any other visible health concerns. "We were cleaning ticks off ourselves all day," Dinwiddie said. "They are very covered, you can tell they have been living out in the woods." The vet hospital says the animals won't be tested for rabies, a decision Dinwiddie understands. "If there was any possible issue of them biting someone else then it would've been (done) but the dogs are deceased as well as the victim so there's just no reason to go spend the thousands and thousands of dollars," Dinwiddle said. Sheriff Chris Bryant says the attack is still under investigation and will be turned over to the District Attorney's office for review. <N> A recent dog-related fatality has many wondering What happened? On Thursday, Tracy Garcia, 52, was attacked by a group of seven dogs, reported to be dachshund mixes under 40 pounds, in Ardmore, Oklahoma. This incident, which occurred new Garcias home, resulted in the womans death. Though dachshunds are often perceived as harmless and even goofy canines, reputation doesnt necessarily matter when it comes to dog-related fatalities. Just like people, you judge dogs on their behavior, not on how they look, Ledy VanKavage, the senior legislative attorney for Best Friends Animal Society, the nations largest no-kill animal society tells PEOPLE. That saying dont judge a book by its cover applies to both dogs and people. Instead of using breed or size as a guide to determine the likelihood of a dog attack, VanKavage, who is familiar with dog attacks through her legal work, suggests observing the canines behavior and how the animal is treated by its owner. Getty The lawyer pointed to the fact that the dogs involved were allowed to roam free and were allegedly covered in fleas and ticks, a sign of possible neglect, as factors that irresponsible ownership may have played a role. While dog-related fatalities are extremely rare, in VanKavages experience with dog attack cases the canines involved have not been well cared for. We like to focus on the behavior of the owner, she says on what she sees as the main factor behind these tragic incidents. Research agrees with VanKavage. In veterinarian Gary J. Patroneks study Co-occurrence of Potentially Preventable Factors in 256 Dog Bite-Related Fatalities in the United States, 256 fatal dog attacks were examined for co-occurrent factors. The study found that in 87% of cases nobody was present, such as the owner, to intervene in the attack. Over 84% of the incidents involved a dog that an owner had failed to neuter, and 76% of the fatalities involved a canine that was isolated from human interactions and not socialized. The study also found that while much of the media coverage on dog related fatalities focused on the involved canines breed, the breed of the dog in the attacks could often not be determined. It is factors like these which make VanKavage confident preventing dog fatalities starts with the owner and has encouraged her to fight for the enactment of reckless owner laws, state laws that prohibit individuals who have previously neglected, abused or mishandled a pet from owning another pet for a certain number of years. Reckless owners should not be allowed to have dogs that can terrorize a neighborhood, she summarizes. Unfortunately, as a bystander, you cannot control the actions of a neglectful owner. If you ever find yourself in a situation where you are faced with an aggressive dog, or pack of dogs, VanKavage suggests doing anything you can to scare and distract the animal including yelling, grabbing branches and nearby objects to protect yourself and creating a barrier between yourself and the dog. <N> George W. Bush: Executive Order 13199Establishment of White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives Tweet Executive Order 13199Establishment of White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives By the authority vested in me as President of the United States by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, and in order to help the Federal Government coordinate a national effort to expand opportunities for faith-based and other community organizations and to strengthen their capacity to better meet social needs in America's communities, it is hereby ordered as follows: Section 1. Policy. Faith-based and other community organizations are indispensable in meeting the needs of poor Americans and distressed neighborhoods. Government cannot be replaced by such organizations, but it can and should welcome them as partners. The paramount goal is compassionate results, and private and charitable community groups, including religious ones, should have the fullest opportunity permitted by law to compete on a level playing field, so long as they achieve valid public purposes, such as curbing crime, conquering addiction, strengthening families and neighborhoods, and overcoming poverty. This delivery of social services must be results oriented and should value the bedrock principles of pluralism, nondiscrimination, evenhandedness, and neutrality. Sec. 2. Establishment. There is established a White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives (White House OFBCI) within the Executive Office of the President that will have lead responsibility in the executive branch to establish policies, priorities, and objectives for the Federal Government's comprehensive effort to enlist, equip, enable, empower, and expand the work of faith-based and other community organizations to the extent permitted by law. Sec. 3. Functions. The principal functions of the White House OFBCI are, to the extent permitted by law: (a) to develop, lead, and coordinate the Administration's policy agenda affecting faith-based and other community programs and initiatives, expand the role of such efforts in communities, and increase their capacity through executive action, legislation, Federal and private funding, and regulatory relief; (b) to ensure that Administration and Federal Government policy decisions and programs are consistent with the President's stated goals with respect to faith-based and other community initiatives; (c) to help integrate the President's policy agenda affecting faith-based and other community organizations across the Federal Government; (d) to coordinate public education activities designed to mobilize public support for faith-based and community nonprofit initiatives through volunteerism, special projects, demonstration pilots, and public-private partnerships; (e) to encourage private charitable giving to support faith-based and community initiatives; (f) to bring concerns, ideas, and policy options to the President for assisting, strengthening, and replicating successful faith-based and other community programs; (g) to provide policy and legal education to State, local, and community policymakers and public officials seeking ways to empower faith-based and other community organizations and to improve the opportunities, capacity, and expertise of such groups; (h) to develop and implement strategic initiatives under the President's agenda to strengthen the institutions of civil society and America's families and communities; (i) to showcase and herald innovative grassroots nonprofit organizations and civic initiatives; (j) to eliminate unnecessary legislative, regulatory, and other bureaucratic barriers that impede effective faith-based and other community efforts to solve social problems; (k) to monitor implementation of the President's agenda affecting faith-based and other community organizations; and (l) to ensure that the efforts of faith-based and other community organizations meet high standards of excellence and accountability. Sec. 4. Administration. (a) The White House OFBCI may function through established or ad hoc committees, task forces, or interagency groups. (b) The White House OFBCI shall have a staff to be headed by the Assistant to the President for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives. The White House OFBCI shall have such staff and other assistance, to the extent permitted by law, as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this order. The White House OFBCI operations shall begin no later than 30 days from the date of this order. (c) The White House OFBCI shall coordinate with the liaison and point of contact designated by each executive department and agency with respect to this initiative. (d) All executive departments and agencies (agencies) shall cooperate with the White House OFBCI and provide such information, support, and assistance to the White House OFBCI as it may request, to the extent permitted by law. (e) The agencies' actions directed by this Executive Order shall be carried out subject to the availability of appropriations and to the extent permitted by law. Sec. 5. Judicial Review. This order does not create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or equity by a party against the United States, its agencies or instrumentalities, its officers or employees, or any other person. GEORGE W. BUSH The White House, January 29, 2001. [Filed with the Office of the Federal Register, 11:45 a.m., January 30, 2001] Note: This Executive order was published in the Federal Register on January 31. Citation: George W. Bush: "Executive Order 13199Establishment of White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives," January 29, 2001. Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project. _LINKS_. <N> By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, and to assist faith-based and other organizations in their efforts to strengthen the institutions of civil society and American families and communities, it is hereby ordered as follows: Section 1. Policy. Faith-based and community organizations have tremendous ability to serve individuals, families, and communities through means that are different from those of government and with capacity that often exceeds that of government. These organizations lift people up, keep families strong, and solve problems at the local level. The executive branch wants faith-based and community organizations, to the fullest opportunity permitted by law, to compete on a level playing field for grants, contracts, programs, and other Federal funding opportunities. The efforts of faith-based and community organizations are essential to revitalizing communities, and the Federal Government welcomes opportunities to partner with such organizations through innovative, measurable, and outcome-driven initiatives. Sec. 2. Amendments to Executive Orders. (a) Executive Order 13198 of January 29, 2001 (Agency Responsibilities With Respect to Faith-Based and Community Initiatives), Executive Order 13279 of December 12, 2002 (Equal Protection of the Laws for Faith-Based and Community Organizations), as amended by Executive Order 13559 of November 17, 2010 (Fundamental Principles and Policymaking Criteria for Partnerships with Faith-Based and Other Neighborhood Organizations), Executive Order 13280 of December 12, 2002 (Responsibilities of the Department of Agriculture and the Agency for International Development With Respect to Faith-Based and Community Initiatives), Executive Order 13342 of June 1, 2004 (Responsibilities of the Departments of Commerce and Veterans Affairs and the Small Business Administration with Respect to Faith-Based and Community Initiatives), and Executive Order 13397 of March 7, 2006 (Responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security With Respect to Faith-Based and Community Initiatives), are hereby amended by: (i) substituting White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative for White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives each time it appears in those orders; (ii) substituting White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative for White House OFBCI each time it appears in those orders; (iii) substituting Centers for Faith and Opportunity Initiatives for Centers for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives each time it appears in those orders; and (iv) substituting White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative for Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships each time it appears in those orders. (b) Executive Order 13279, as amended, is further amended by striking section 2(h) and redesignating sections 2(i) and 2(j) as sections 2(h) and 2(i), respectively. Sec. 3. White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative. (a) There is established within the Executive Office of the President the White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative (Initiative). (i) The Initiative shall be headed by an Advisor to the White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative (Advisor). The Advisor shall be housed in the Office of Public Liaison and shall work with that office and the Domestic Policy Council, in consultation with the Centers for Faith-Based and Community Initiatives established by Executive Order 13198, Executive Order 13280, Executive Order 13342, and Executive Order 13397, to implement this order. (ii) The Initiative shall, from time to time and consistent with applicable law, consult with and seek information from experts and various faith and community leaders from outside the Federal Government, including those from State, local, and tribal governments, identified by the Office of Public Liaison, the Domestic Policy Council, and the Centers for Faith and Opportunity Initiatives. These experts and leaders shall be identified based on their expertise in a broad range of areas in which faith-based and community organizations operate, including poverty alleviation, religious liberty, strengthening marriage and family, education, solutions for substance abuse and addiction, crime prevention and reduction, prisoner reentry, and health and humanitarian services. (iii) The Advisor shall make recommendations to the President, through the Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy, regarding changes to policies, programs, and practices that affect the delivery of services by faith-based and community organizations. (iv) Executive departments and agencies (agencies) that lack a Center for Faith and Opportunity Initiative shall designate a Liaison for Faith and Opportunity Initiatives as a point of contact to coordinate with the Advisor in carrying out this order. (v) All agencies shall, to the extent permitted by law, provide such information, support, and assistance to the Initiative as it may request to develop public policy proposals. (b) To the extent permitted by law, the Initiative shall: (i) periodically convene meetings with the individuals described in section 3(a)(ii) of this order; (ii) periodically convene meetings with representatives from the Centers for Faith and Opportunity Initiatives and other representatives from across agencies as the Advisor may designate; (iii) provide recommendations regarding aspects of my Administrations policy agenda that affect faith-based and community programs and initiatives; (iv) help integrate those aspects of my Administrations policy agenda that affect faith-based and other community organizations throughout the Federal Government; (v) showcase innovative initiatives by faith-based and community organizations that serve and strengthen individuals, families, and communities throughout the United States; (vi) notify the Attorney General, or his designee, of concerns raised by faith-based and community organizations about any failures of the executive branch to comply with protections of Federal law for religious liberty as outlined in the Attorney Generals Memorandum of October 6, 2017 (Federal Law Protections for Religious Liberty), issued pursuant to Executive Order 13798 of May 4, 2017 (Promoting Free Speech and Religious Liberty); and (vii) identify and propose means to reduce, in accordance with Executive Order 13798 and the Attorney Generals Memorandum of October 6, 2017, burdens on the exercise of religious convictions and legislative, regulatory, and other barriers to the full and active engagement of faith-based and community organizations in Government-funded or Government-conducted activities and programs. Sec. 4. Revocation of Executive Orders. Executive Order 13199 of January 29, 2001 (Establishment of White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives), and Executive Order 13498 of February 5, 2009 (Amendments to Executive Order 13199 and Establishment of the Presidents Advisory Council for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships), are hereby revoked. Sec. 5. General Provisions. (a) Nothing in this order shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect: (i) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or (ii) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals. (b) This order shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations. (c) This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person. DONALD J. TRUMP <N> By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, in order to guide the executive branch in formulating and implementing policies with implications for the religious liberty of persons and organizations in America, and to further compliance with the Constitution and with applicable statutes and Presidential Directives, it is hereby ordered as follows: Section 1. Policy. It shall be the policy of the executive branch to vigorously enforce Federal laws robust protections for religious freedom. The Founders envisioned a Nation in which religious voices and views were integral to a vibrant public square, and in which religious people and institutions were free to practice their faith without fear of discrimination or retaliation by the Federal Government. For that reason, the United States Constitution enshrines and protects the fundamental right to religious liberty as Americans first freedom. Federal law protects the freedom of Americans and their organizations to exercise religion and participate fully in civic life without undue interference by the Federal Government. The executive branch will honor and enforce those protections. Sec. 2. Respecting Religious and Political Speech. All executive departments and agencies (agencies) shall, to the greatest extent practicable and to the extent permitted by law, respect and protect the freedom of persons and organizations to engage in religious and political speech. In particular, the Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure, to the extent permitted by law, that the Department of the Treasury does not take any adverse action against any individual, house of worship, or other religious organization on the basis that such individual or organization speaks or has spoken about moral or political issues from a religious perspective, where speech of similar character has, consistent with law, not ordinarily been treated as participation or intervention in a political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) a candidate for public office by the Department of the Treasury. As used in this section, the term adverse action means the imposition of any tax or tax penalty; the delay or denial of tax-exempt status; the disallowance of tax deductions for contributions made to entities exempted from taxation under section 501(c)(3) of title 26, United States Code; or any other action that makes unavailable or denies any tax deduction, exemption, credit, or benefit. Sec. 3. Conscience Protections with Respect to Preventive-Care Mandate. The Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Labor, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consider issuing amended regulations, consistent with applicable law, to address conscience-based objections to the preventive-care mandate promulgated under section 300gg-13(a)(4) of title 42, United States Code. Sec. 4. Religious Liberty Guidance. In order to guide all agencies in complying with relevant Federal law, the Attorney General shall, as appropriate, issue guidance interpreting religious liberty protections in Federal law. Sec. 5. Severability. If any provision of this order, or the application of any provision to any individual or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the remainder of this order and the application of its other provisions to any other individuals or circumstances shall not be affected thereby. Sec. 6. General Provisions. (a) Nothing in this order shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect: (i) the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof; or (ii) the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals. (b) This order shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations. (c) This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person. DONALD J. TRUMP THE WHITE HOUSE, May 4, 2017. <N> Quote America is a nation of believers, and together we are strengthened by the power of prayer. A VOICE IN THE WHITE HOUSE: Today, President Donald J. Trump signed an Executive Order to ensure that the faith-based and community organizations that form the bedrock of our society have strong advocates in the White House and throughout the Federal Government. President Trump has signed an Executive Order entitled Establishment of a White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative in order to: provide recommendations on the Administrations policy agenda affecting faith-based and community programs; provide recommendations on programs and policies where faith-based and community organizations may partner and/or deliver more effective solutions to poverty; apprise the Administration of any failures of the executive branch to comply with religious liberty protections under law; and reduce the burdens on the exercise of free religion. The Executive Order creates the White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative within the Executive Office of the President. The Initiative will be led by the newly created position of Advisor to the White House Faith and Opportunity Initiative (Initiative) and be supported by experts and various community and faith leaders from outside of the Federal Government. All executive departments and agencies that do not have Centers for Faith and Opportunity Initiatives will designate a liaison to the Initiative. PRIORITIZING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM: President Trump has made it clear that religious freedom is a priority throughout his Administration. In October 2017, the Department of Justice issued twenty principles of religious liberty to guide the Administrations litigation strategy and protect religious freedom. In January 2018, the Justice Department announced a religious liberty update to the U.S. Attorneys Manual, raising the profile of religious liberty cases and directing the designation of a Religious Liberty Point of Contact for all U.S. Attorneys offices. In January 2018, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announced major policy changes protecting freedom of religion inside and outside of the government: forming a new Conscience and Religious Freedom Division, providing HHS with the focus it needs to more vigorously and effectively enforce existing laws protecting the rights of conscience and religious freedom; and proposing to more vigorously enforce twenty-five existing statutory conscience protections for Americans involved in HHS programs, in order to protect Americans who have religious or moral convictions related to certain health care services. ONE NATION UNDER GOD: President Trump has publicly stood with people of faith and with those who advocate for the sanctity of life. This is the Presidents third public event marking the importance of prayer, including attending the National Prayer Breakfast just two weeks after his inauguration. President Trump has declared several days of prayer, including a National Day of Prayer for the Victims of Hurricane Harvey and for Americas National Response and Recovery Efforts. On October 13, 2017, President Trump spoke at the Value Voters Summit. On January 19, 2018, President Trump became the first President to address the March for Life rally live via satellite. Vice President Mike Pence addressed the March for Life in 2017, becoming the first sitting Vice President to do so in person. PROTECTING RELIGIOUS FREEDOM: Throughout his tenure as President, Donald Trump has been a champion for religious liberty in the United States, restoring the ideals that have undergirded our Nations freedom and prosperity since its founding. On May 4, 2017, the President signed an Executive Order to greatly enhance religious freedom and freedom of speech: taking action to ensure that religious institutions may freely exercise their First Amendment right to support and advocate for candidates and causes in line with their values; and ensuring that religious Americans and their organizations, such as the Little Sisters of the Poor, are not be forced to choose between violating their religious beliefs by complying with Obamacares contraceptive mandate or shutting their doors. The President has announced a reversal of the Obama administrations policy and is allowing houses of worship to receive crucial disaster aid in times of crisis. The Trump Administration has taken a stand on behalf of religious liberty in the courts: it supported baker Jack Phillipss right to operate his bakery in accordance with his religious beliefs. PROTECTING THE SANCTITY OF LIFE: The President has been one of the foremost defenders of the sanctity of life in the history of the White House. <N> Since 2008, a group of predominantly conservative, Protestant churches have participated in Pulpit Freedom Sundaya day started by the conservative legal group Alliance Defending Freedom, when hundreds of pastors across the country give explicitly political sermons in protest of the IRSs rule. The movement has been growing, and religious leaders will often mail tapes of their sermons directly to the agency to showcase their defiance. The IRS doesnt often go after these churches, though. Agency leaders have emphasized the importance of educating religious organizations about what is and is not legal, rather than aggressively initiating audits or trying to revoke the non-profit status of houses of worship. The agency has rarely pursued this last option; one of the most prominent recent cases was in 1995, when it denied the non-profit status of an upstate New York church that took out a full-page ad in USA Today warning Christians not to vote for Bill Clinton in 1992. In general, though, the political climate has changed in the last four or five years, where attacks on the IRS has been more frequent, more virulent, and the IRS has become extremely defensive, Galston said. Especially with the budget cuts of the last half decade, the agency has scarce resources for enforcement of the Internal Revenue Code. They cant, in my view, allocate the resources in such a way that they preclude proper enforcement of the other code sections, Galston added. Yet even beyond purposeful protests like Pulpit Freedom Sunday, religious leaders seem to openly defy the ban on participating in political activities. The televangelist Mark Burns has openly stumped for Trump, as has Liberty University president Jerry Falwell Jr. And at the start of the Democratic National Convention, the Decatur, Georgia, pastor Cynthia Hale prayed for Hillary Clinton to become president. Even if the IRS would not see these actions as formal violations of the law, the difference between pastors electioneering and speaking as private citizens is a fine distinction that is easily evaded, said Galston. Critics of the agency, including some progressive religious groups, argue that the IRS should put more resources toward enforcing the electioneering ban. The main question, said Alan Brownstein, a law professor at the University of California, Davis, is not whether religious groups and leaders should be able to express their viewsits whether that activity should be subsidized by the government. Pastors can say whatever they want, as can anyone else, he said. The question is whether a tax-exempt institution can say whatever it wants and retain its tax-exempt status, and whether the pastor as an official can use his or her position in the tax-exempt institution to engage in electioneering. Although religious groups often participate in political and campaign activities in defiance of the law, only Congress could make these activities fully legal. And doing so would raise big questions about money: Would religious organizations get to keep their tax-exempt status if they were permitted to participate in campaigns and endorse candidates? More importantly, could people still make tax-deductible donations to religious organizationseffectively giving money to promote a particular candidate or campaign? <N> Most squid live relatively short lives before they release a massive number of eggs and die. The vampire squid has a different strategy, Danna Staaf reports for KQED Science. Researchers were recently surprised to find that female vampire squid go through cycles where they spawn and then rest. One long-lived female apparently experienced at least 38 and possibly as many as 100 separate spawning events with rest periods of at least a month between, the research team, led by Henk-Jan Hoving, report in Current Biology. Staaf writes: Out of 27 adult females, Hoving and his colleagues found that 20 had resting ovaries without any ripe or developing eggs inside. However, all had proof of previous spawning. As in humans, developing eggs are surrounded by a group of cells called a follicle. After a mature egg is released, the follicle is slowly resorbed by the ovary. The resorption process in vampire squid is so slow, in fact, that the scientists could read each animals reproductive history in its ovaries. The cycles can continue for three to eight years, the researchers concluded. And this finding isnt the only thing thats surprising about vampire squid. The deep red or inky black, milky-eyed apparition from the deep sea bears the scientific name, Vampyrotheuthis infernalis literally meaning "vampire squid from hell." Yet although the odd creature sports rows of spines that hide beneath cloak-like webbing spread from arm to arm, the "teeth" are fleshy, not pointy. It doesnt feed on blood and it isnt even a squid. Perhaps scientists were hasty in naming the creature. The vampire squid is related to squid and octopuses, but its comes from a more ancient branch off the cephalopod family tree. Many aspects of how the creature lived remained mysterious for decades after their discovery in 1903 because they spend their time in dark, chilly water 2,000 to 3,000 feet or more below the surface. Instead of seeking out prey, as their fearsome appearance might suggest, the cephalopods use two long yellow tentacles to eat the best form of food that makes it to those depths: detritus. RR Helm writes for Deep Sea News: It turns out, vampire squid use these tentacles like fishing lines, but theyre not catching living prey, theyre catching snow. Vampire squid scoop up sinking ocean gunk, known as marine snow, with their thin yellow tentacles, and then suck it off these appendages (like licking your fingers). This gunk includes bits of algae, dead animals, poo and bacteria from the ocean above. That diet of detritus may be why vampire squid have such a slow reproductive strategy, Hoving and his colleagues suggest in the new study. Since their diet isnt as rich as the fish, crabs, shrimp and even squid other cephalopods enjoy, vampire squid cant afford to squander their energy on a massive spawning event. Instead they patiently let one egg ripen at a time. The cold water of their ocean home may also keep their metabolisms slow and allow them to live long enough for the strategy to pay off. Plus, down in the oxygen-poor depths, few predators can survive for long. So the vampire squid and their babies are relatively safe. Their parenting may not look like much compared to human child care, but vampire squid seem to have hit upon a good way to help their offspring survive. <N> When disturbed, the vampire squid inverts its cape, displaying large spines that line the underside of its arms. When exhibiting this posture, this species looks rather intimidating, but it is actually quite harmless. It is not predatory. Instead, it depends on food particles that it captures using sticky cells on its long, filamentous tentacles. In this way, it opportunistically feeds on plant and animal matter that sinks from the surface ocean. Some large fishes and diving predators are known to eat vampire squids. Unlike shallow-water squids and octopuses, vampire squids do not expel black ink to escape predation. In the darkness of the mesopelagic zone, black or dark purple ink would not be effective. Instead the vampire squid expels a colorless substance that contains numerous particles of bioluminescent (light-producing) material. These twinkling lights confuse potential predators. In addition to the light produced during their defense response, vampire squids produce light at the tips of each of their arms. This light may be used as a form of communication. As this species is naturally rare, encounters between males and females likely do not happen very often. For that reason, it is important that they reproduce when given the chance, and females are known to store the sperm from males for long periods before using it to fertilize their eggs. Like most deep-sea organisms, it is very difficult to study vampire squids in their natural environment, so little is known about the behavior of these animals. With continued exploration of the deep ocean, scientists will hopefully find out more about this unique and interesting species. <N> Today Im cheating a bit in my Halloween deep sea exploration series by including a vampire squid encountered by the E/V Nautilus back in 2014. What can I say? Vampire squid should be discussed at every opportunity. Man, it really does look like a vampire. German biologist Carl Chun first described this species in 1903 from specimens hauled up in nets. The vampire squid wasnt observed in its habitat until decades later, so people tended to assume the worst about it based on what they could see. According to Claire Nouvian's book "The Deep", a man named William Beebe described it in 1926 as a very small but terrible octopus, black as night with ivory white jaws and blood red eyes. In fact, the squid appears red in real life, and its eyes can be blue too. Contrary to appearances, vampire squid eat about the most harmless food imaginable: marine snow  the lifeless bits of sea dandruff that float down from lighter realms above (all of it dead, some of it formerly living.) You can learn more about that in a post I wrote for Halloween 2013. They mine the plentiful harvest of marine snow found in a very hostile place: the oxygen minimum zone, where the oxygen available in the water is no more than 5% of that available in surface air. Most large animals cannot tolerate this suffocating water for more than a few minutes or hours, but vampire squid live there permanently thanks to a highly efficient respiratory blood pigment (you have one of these called hemoglobin that makes your blood red, but it is nowhere near as ninja-like as the vampire squids, as you will find out quickly as you climb a tall mountain.) Oxygen-minimum zone bonus: fewer predators. Vampire squid also occupy a strange evolutionary position. They are so unusual they command their own order, a very high level of taxonomic organization. They have eight arms and fins on their head like an octopus, but they also have two long squid-like feeding filaments they use to catch and retrieve marine snow. As a result, scientists think vampire squid are extremely ancient, and may represent some of the only living descendants of the common ancestors of both octopus and squid that lived more than 200 million years ago. There is one final spectacular aspect of vampire squid biology that few people know about: they glow. Have a look at this clip from the BBCs Planet Earth to see what I mean: I think it would really help the vampire squid's game if as soon as it turns on those lights, it shouts, "Bleh!!! I vannnt to suuuck your blooood!" Instead, as a last resort in fending off predators like sea lions or deep-diving whales, the vampire squid has one final trick. Ink would be useless in the dark, so instead they eject from the ends of their arms a cloud of thick, sparkly blue mucus. The cloud can glow for up to 10 minutes, and when it fades, the vampire squid will be long gone. <N> Video: Camels go for a swim in Oman Sharelines Muscat: Everyone knows that Oman has beautiful camels, but few know that camels can actually swim. This video has surfaced online, showing three camels swimming skillfully in the sea near Jalan Bani Bu Ali, without fear of drowning despite the depth of the water. Hamed Al Junaibi, one of the persons that appeared in the video said, "We moved the camels from the farm to the sea via a truck and then we took them down on the Al Suwayh beach for swimming and training, to increase their fitness and to prepare them for the camel race. The training continued for two hours." "However, camels usually cross the sea themselves to move from one area to another, sometimes crossing a path from Masirah Island to Shannah, which is approximately 10 km long," said Salleh Al Jafari, a local from the Al Ashkharah town in south Al Sharqiyah. He added: "Camel owners know that it is common for male camels swim in the sea from one beach to another in search of food or to mate, when they smell female camels in the nearby coastal areas." <N> AHMEDABAD: The 'swimming camels' from Gujarat got national recognition from scientists and experts when two breeders of Kachchhi Kharai were felicitated by LIFE Network and National Biodiversity Authority at a function held in Chennai on January 10. A booklet on the Kharai camel, the only camels which can swim, was also released on the occasion. The duo got the Breed Saviour Award for breed conservation. The two breeders, Adam Abdreman Jat from Abdasa and Amand Varindh Jat from Bhachau in Kutch, received a cash prize of Rs 15,000 and a certificate from BK Joshi, director of National Bureau of Animal Genetic Research (NBAGR), Karnal. Ramesh Bhatti, project coordinator from Sahjeevan, a Bhuj-based NGO involved in camel conservation, told TOI that both the breeders together have more than 100 camels. "LIFE Network rewards pastoralists, traditional livestock keepers/communities, farmers every year, who conserve local livestock breeds or domestic animal species in their region. These two breeders have been conserving this unique Kharai camel species for the last five to seven generations through traditional breeding practices and not giving up those practices even in adverse conditions," he said. Kharai is a unique breed of camels in Kutch that can survive in both coastal and dry ecosystems. It grazes on saline trees and shrubs and is tolerant to water with high salinity. Its physical features are different from local camels as it has rounded back, long and thin legs and smaller feet. The most astonishing part, however, is its swimming capability. According to experts, the camel can swim up to three kilometres into the sea in search of mangroves, their primary food. A booklet prepared by Sahjeevan containing information on the unique breed was released in the event by Dr DK Sadana, principal scientist, NBAGR, and Dr Balakrishna Pisupati, chairman of National Biodiversity Authority (NBA) based in Chennai. Adam Jat, one of the winners, said, "We have been conserving this breed for generations together and our families are also in this occupation. This is our major source of income. On receiving this award, we feel that the camels have also got recognition on national platform." <N> AHMEDABAD: As now Kutch's 'swimming camels' have got recognition as a separate breed of camels, the experts hope that it would help in conservation and research efforts.At the moment, Gujarat is the only home to Kharai camel who have adapted to the extreme climate of rann and shallow seas and high salinity. As per latest counting, the state has 6,200 camels out of which around 2,200 are found in areas such as Lakhpat, Abdasa, Mundra and Bhachau in Kutch whereas the remaining are seen in South Gujarat near Aliya Bet.As the breeds having less than 10,000 population are identified as endangered, it can get special recognition and care. The move will also throw light on the life of maaldhari community whose livelihood is intertwined with that of the animal.Recently the National Bureau of Animal Genetic Resources (NBAGR) located in Karnal, Haryana has certified the breed as ninth camel breed found in India, separating it from Kutchi camel.Sahajeevan, a Bhuj-based NGO along with Kutch Camel Breeders Association, Anand Krishi University and the states animal husbandry department had prepared breed descriptor and had conducted tests for gene pool and other characteristics. <N> Velvet Ant (Cow Killer Ant) by Jody Green, Extension Educator All velvet ants belong to the family Mutillidae and have a dense pile of hair of a variety of striking colors that serve as a warning signal to potential predators. They can be found worldwide, but in Nebraska, the most common velvet ant is the cow killer ant, Dasymutilla occidentalis. They are commonly found during the summer months wandering around the yard in urban landscapes and open areas like pastures. Ant or wasp? This insect is not an ant, but rather a wasp. The females do not have wings, so they look like ants. Not to worry though, ants and wasps are in the same order, so they do happen to share a fair number of characteristics. It does not possess a node (or two) on the waist, which is characteristic of all ants. Description: The female cow killer ant is a large, hairy, wingless wasp that resembles a worker ant. They can be up to 3/4" long with a black body covered with coarse and bright reddish-orange hair on the head, thorax and abdomen. The males are larger wither dark brown wings and different color patterns on its body. Both male and female velvet ants produce a squeaking or chirping sound when alarmed. It is often difficult to determine whether male and female specimens are the same species because their physical appearance differ greatly. Biology: Unlike social wasps, such as yellow jackets and paper wasps that live in a central nest with a great number of individuals working together, velvet ants are solitary wasps. Males fly in search of females to mate. The mated female will enter a ground nesting bee or wasp nest, and lay eggs on or near the other insects larva. They are parasitoids because their larvae emerge and feed on the hosts larvae, killing them. Adult velvet ants feed on nectar. Defenses: The female cow killer, though grounded, has many defenses. Besides bright warning colors and squeaking warning sound, they are quick movers, have a very strong exoskeleton and can release smelly odors. In addition, females are capable of delivering a very painful sting. Females have a large stinger which is a modified egg-laying organ called the ovipositor. On the Schmidts sting pain index which ranks and describes insects based on one scientists evaluation of stinging insects, it is ranked 3 out of 4 (4 is most painful). Therefore, they can inflict an excruciating sting if handled or stepped on, which is why they are called cow killers. As far as we know, no cow has ever died from a sting. The sting may be painful, but the venom is not very toxic. Despite their massive defenses, velvet ants are not aggressive. If you see velvet ants around your home, no need to worry. Just leave them alone. No control measures are necessary and they are not an indoor pest. For information on reproducing this article or using any photographs or graphics, read the Terms of Use statement Nebraska Extension in Lancaster County is your on-line educational resource. The information on this Web site is valid for residents of southeastern Nebraska. It may or may not apply in your area. If you live outside southeastern Nebraska, visit your local Extension office <N> in Robert, LA (rural property) - at my back door Found exiting a nest (probably ground bees) in late August in Tennessee These insects are wasps, not ants. Females are wingless and covered with dense hair, superficially resembling ants. Running away from me in the lawn. July, coastal S.C. Never seen these in my life. Then saw two in Cookeville TN -two days apart-one at my home the other my neighbors, two blocks away.Cool looking insect! The female cow killer has been described as a hairy, antlike, wingless wasp. It is the largest species of velvet ant in North America. She has a painful bite but it not lethal. Velvet Ant, Cow Killer (Dasymutilla occidentalis) Found on Aug. 20, 2011 in my back yard. Found Dave's Garden by searching what kind it was after posting a pic on FB. Velvet ant on yard grass, Arkansas River Valley, July 2013. <N> The Cow Killer Ant is also known as Velvet Ant or Red Wasp. While called "ant," it is actually a wingless female wasp that can inflict a painful sting. The male wasp does have the advantage of flight. Some older folks will tell you that this brightly colored ant runs quickly over the ground, and those who used to run barefoot through fields and meadows, and who have been stung, are quite willing to fill you in on the details. So painful is their sting it is said to "kill a cow." They do not, however, kill cows. The body size of Red Ant can vary from  inch to 1 inch in length. Most of these wasps are brightly colored (red, yellow, orange) with varying patterns. Although the male wasp has wings, the wingless female is the one most often noticed by people. Seeing this large, wingless wasp scurry about makes most people think that they are seeing a gigantic ant. Adult Velvet Ants feed on nectar, water or the larvae of other insects. Female wasps of this family lay their eggs in the larva or cocoon of a host insect. Their food can include flies, beetles, bees and other wasps. The most frequently encountered red are not generally considered as pests, they do occasionally invade residences in large numbers. But, when left alone, no harm is done. Be aware that if a child (or adult) tries to play with this insect or accidentally steps on one, the resulting sting will remind the offending human how it got its name. The sting of the velvet ant can be severe enough to make someone think that it could kill a cow! Hence, the name "Cow Killer Ant" came to be. <N> If youve ever been bitten by a Bullet Ant, then youve experienced a pure, intense, brilliant pain. Like walking over flaming charcoal with a three-inch nail embedded in your heel. Fortunately, you probably have never encountered a Bullet Ant. But Justin O. Schmidt, a biologist at the Southwest Biological Institute has. In fact, he has been bitten and stung close to a thousand times by a wide variety of painful creatures. Schmidt has gathered all this data in a new book called The Sting of the Wild. He is also the creator the Schmidt Sting Pain Index, an entertainingly original way of measuring and describing the relative pain insects inflict on humans and other animals. (Check out Michelle Enemarks illustration of Schmidts findings, courtesy of Atlas Obscura.) Schmidt ranks each insect sting on a scale of one to four, with four being the most painful. He also describes each sting with evocative, even poetic, language. The Sweat Bee, for example, which ranks as a one on the pain scale, feels Light and ephemeral. Almost fruity. A tiny spark has singed a single hair on your arm. I realized that most of us dont think in terms of numbers. We think in terms of images and art and beauty and song, Schmidt explains. Thats the way our species communicates and really understands things. So, I thought, Wouldnt it be fun to try to apply this as kind of an artistic equivalent? Schmidt says most of the stings he received  and virtually all of the really painful ones  haven been unintentional, because hes far too much of a chicken for that. Theyve been in the heat of the battle, like with the Bullet Ant, he explains. I was in Brazil, busily digging away and I simply got overwhelmed  dozens of them coming out, very agile and fast. You cant catch them or dodge them quickly enough and you get stung. Schmidt isnt a crazy masochist. He is trying to understand the evolution of social behavior. Ants, wasps and bees are social creatures that all face a similar problem: how to protect themselves, their brood or their honey, in the case of bees, from predators. He hypothesized that a sting is the only effective defense these creatures have. Imagine something 50,000-times bigger than you, like a lion, attacking. How are you going to possibly defend yourself? By scratching, kicking and and yelling? No, you cant, Schmidt says. But if you have the equivalent of a bazooka or a rocket, then you can. And thats kind of what a sting is. Schmidt found pretty much what he had predicted: The more a colony has at risk  that is, the more individuals in the colony and the greater threat of predation  the more pain the insect inflicts and the greater the toxicity of its venom. If you can do damage, thats an extra bonus, in addition to making the predator go away, Schmidt says. Thats important, because think about pain: Its really just an indication of damage. Its not actually damage, and smart predators learn that. Take your local beekeeper, for example. He gets stung all the time and he knows its just all in a days work, no big deal. Schmidt uses the honeybee as a reference point for his scale. Almost everyone has been stung by one, which makes it a handy way to normalize a subjective experience. I cant know how much a honeybee sting hurts you, nor you me; but if we agree that a honeybee sting is a two, then, if we both get stung by something else that hurts more or less than the honeybee sting, the relative difference should be similar. While all of these insects share a common ability to inflict pain, they all have a unique chemical formula for their venom, Schmidt says. Theyre convergent on the same effect  they really hurt  but theyve gotten there by different routes. Its really almost eerie, he says. Honeybees have a peptide called melatin, which is an entirely different chemical structure from wasps. Wasps have kinins, similar to the cardiac stimulant our body naturally makes. Harvester Ants have another totally unrelated peptide. The Bullet Ant is completely unique to science: it has a poneratoxin. So, all these venoms are not related at all chemically, yet they converged on the same solution of making pain. Read an excerpt of Schmidts book here.  Adam Wernick (originally published at PRI.org) <N> In case you were wondering, there is in fact an ant with an inch-long stinger that can cause 30 minutes of life-changing, pray-for-death pain. The velvet ant, nicknamed the "Cow Killer," is not messing around. Thanks to YouTube and Brave Wilderness, we get to watch someone get stung by it. Remember that show Jackass? Remember how those guys did idiot things and injured themselves just for your amusement? Well, Coyote Peterson does it for science, not laughs. And frankly, it's hard to watch someone suffer so much--but also totally click-bait worthy. Here's the science part: the velvet ant is actually a species of wasp, and that frightening stinger you're about to see evolved from the species' sex organs. Only females have them. There's maybe a joke in here, but honestly after you see the stinger, joking isn't where your mind goes. Anyway, if you clicked on this link you're probably wondering when I'll stop writing and drop the video. So here you go, you sadist: <N> Turkish man wears helmet-like head cage to quit smoking KTAHYA - Doan News Agency brahim Ycel wears a helmet-like wire cage on his head, locked on two sides, in an unusual bid to kick the habit. DHA photo In an unusual bid to quit smoking, a 42-year-old man in the western province of Ktahya has begun wearing a helmet-like wire cage on his head, locked on two sides.brahim Ycel, who is trying to kick a 26-year habit of smoking two packets of cigarettes per day, gives the keys of his head cage to his wife and daughter when he leaves home every day. In this way, he is unable to open the cage to smoke during the day, even if he craves a smoke.He says he was inspired to create the helmet-like head cage by observing motorcycle helmets, after trying without success to quit smoking several times in the past. His father died of lung cancer caused by smoking some years ago.Since donning the head cage two days ago, Ycel has not smoked a single cigarette.At first shocked by the extraordinary contraption, his family now supports Ycel's determined bid to stop smoking. <N> The magnificent scenery of Lake Como (also known as Lake Lario) has enchanted artists and travelers for centuries: from French novelist Flaubert to musicians of the caliber of Gioacchino Rossini, Giuseppe Verdi, and Vincenzo Bellini; it was here that he composed his opera Norma. The Lake was also the birthplace of illustrious personages such as Italian physicist Alessandro Volta, inventor of the first electric generator, the Voltaic Pile, now on view in the Physics Museum of Rome's Sapienza University. Lake Como continues to attract members of the international jet-set and celebrities that appreciate the evocative beauty of the Lake and its surroundings. Lake Como is located approximately 31 miles from Milan, between the Provinces of Como and Lecco, and it is the third-largest Italian lake, after Garda and Maggiore. It is also the deepest, at 1,345 feet. The Lake (one of Lombardy's several incomparable lakes) is of a characteristic upside-down Y-form. The town of Como is situated on its southwestern arm, Lecco on the southeastern arm, and Colico on that northern. From the Lakes shores, one can enjoy multiple, fascinating views: suggestive borgoes, splendid villas and lush gardens await visitors in search of a little charm and relaxation, or a little culture and contact with nature. In Como, tiny city from which the Lakes name evidently derives, merits a visit particularly for its Educational Silk Museum, where visitors can learn about the areas traditional textiles production. Breathtaking villas, one after the other, encircle the lake, a resort destination of the nobles of Lombardy since the 16th Century. Como is also considered the land of Italian artistic and architectonic rationalism; thus one will find exemplars of modern European architecture - the Novocomum, the Giuliani Frigerio House, the Monument of the Fallen, and the former Casa del Fascio - all the work of Italian architect Giuseppe Terragni. Cernobbio is the site of the Villa dEste (1600s), location in Alfred Hitchcocks celebrated film The Pleasure Garden; and the celebrated Villa Erba, one of the most important Italian lake villas from the 1800s - today it is an internationally-known convention and expository complex. Lying to the north is Ossuccio, beloved for its spectacular Isola Comacina, the Lakes only island and, given the Sacro Monte di Ossuccio, also recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site (2003). In the nearby Comunes of Moltrasio and Lenno, Passalacqua and Villa Balbianello (used in films such as Star Wars: Episode II and Casino Royale) are important touristic attractions. Along the coast is Tremezzo, famous for its Villa Carlotta, with terrace gardens and a museum boasting works by Canova, Thorvaldsen, and Hayez. Where the Lakes three arms meet, Bellagio  of elegant, aristocratic villas, including Villa Serbelloni and Villa Melzi  rises. Villa Melzi is also much sought-after for its botanical park. South of Bellagio, then, is Lecco. Here, a visit to Villa Manzoni, seat of the Manzoni Museum, is a must; it is also a departure point for a Promessi Sposi itinerary  that is, a tour that traces Manzonis novel The Betrothed, an Italian classic. In the north, rather, one can visit antique villages: Varenna, Bellano and Colico, home to the Abbey of Piona. The significant cultural-historic aspect of Lake Como can fuse with active athleticisim under the sky and in the open-air, and the Lake certainly garners its fair share of active vacationers. Summer permits water-sports enthusiasts to relish wind-surfing, canoeing, sailing, water-skiing, jet-skiing and kite-surfing. And sports at a bit higher altitude (air sports, i.e. hang gliding, paragliding, and gliding) allow for privileged panoramas over this generous Lake. Neither are mountain lovers at a loss, for they can climb, trek, mountain-bike, ride horses, and take other excursions. As for golfers, seven internationally-known courses might make choosing a bit difficult. For those arriving in wintertime, ski districts  e.g. Piani di Bobbio and Pian delle Betulle  offer miles of highly-frequented slopes and numerous courses for cross-country skiing, Alpine skiing and snowshoeing. Foodies and gourmands will easily find their niche as well, and can enjoy exploring the areas unique products and flavors: think risotto and perch filets, the prized olive oil, innumerable vegetables (the delicious asparagus of Rogaro and Drezzo stand out) and, without a doubt, many a reputed fish-based platter, in particular the missoltino (prepared with salted, dried and flattened Alosa agone fish marinated with vinegar and oil). <N> Manta Manta. Image  Donald Tipton Manta birostris This is the largest ray in the world, its 'wing span' averaging about 22 feet across, but measured at almost 30 feet in rare cases. It has distinct triangular pectoral wings that arch backwards, and cephalic fins on either side of its mouth that can be unfurled and angled to direct water and plankton into its mouth. They are classically dark on top and white underneath, but often have light marks on top and dark spots underneath that are unique to each ray. They 'flap' their fins to fly through the water, usually in groups, and can jump completely out of the water when playing or impressing a potential mate. Order: Myliobatiformes Family: Myliobatidae Genus: Manta Species: birostris Common Names Manta ray, Atlantic manta, Australian devilray, blanketfish, devil ray, devilfish, devil-ray, eagle ray, giant devil ray, giant manta, giant Atlantic manta, great devilfish, manta, manta ray, Pacific manta, prince alfreds ray, sea devil, and skeete are common names in English language. Other names include diable de mer (French), duivelsrog (Dutch), jamanta (Portuguese), manta (Italian), manta atlantica (Spanish), oni-itomaki-ei (Japanese), raya (Spanish), teufelsrochen (German), and urjamanta (Portuguese). Importance to Humans Underwater photographer with a manta. Image courtesy NOAA Danger to Humans M. birostris has been harvested in tropical America. The manta ray was formerly harvested commercially off Australia and California waters for its liver oil and for its skin which is used as an abrasive. Today it is rarely hunted, although meat from the manta ray is considered a delicacy in the Philippines. Dive tourism has benefited greatly from the manta in locations where they are reliably encountered and sometimes approach divers. In these areas, where divers often touch and interact with mantas, the rays can develop skin lesions in response to the removal of the protective mucous layer. Mantas are of minimal danger to humans. Conservation > Check the status of the manta ray at the IUCN website. The IUCN is a global union of states, governmental agencies, and non-governmental organizations in a partnership that assesses the conservation status of species. Geographical Distribution World distribution map for the manta Habitat The manta inhabits temperate, tropical, and subtropical waters worldwide, between 35 N and 35 S latitudes. In the western Atlantic Ocean, this includes South Carolina (US) south to Brazil and Bermuda. Occasionally this ray is observed as far north as New Jersey and San Diego. Other locations include the east coast of Africa, in the Gulf of Aden, Red Sea, Arabian Sea, the Bay of Bengal, as well as the Indo-Pacific. Habitat of M. birostris ranges from near shore to pelagic, occurring over the continental shelf near reef habitats and offshore islands. It swims by flapping its large pectoral fins, and is usually observed near the surface or in the mid-waters of reefs and lagoons. It sometimes migrates into temperate waters. M. birostris sometimes swim in loose aggregations and spends considerable time near the surface. Mantas have been observed breaching, jumping clear of the water and returning with a splash. Three types of jumps have been observed, forward jumps landing head first, forward jumps landing tail first, and somersaulting. Groups of these animals have been seen participating in this behavior, breaching one after the other. While it is not understood why this behavior is exhibited, some speculate it may play a role in attracting mates or is a form of play. Biology Dorsal (A) and ventral (B) view of a juvenile male. Image courtesy Fishes of the Western North Atlantic, 1948 Distinctive FeaturesAdults are easily recognized by their large triangular pectoral fins and projecting cephalic fins, forward extensions of the pectoral fins that project anteriorly on either side of the head. Each cephalic fin is about twice as long as its base is wide. The length of each cephalic lobe, from tip to the mouth, is 14% of the disc width. They are rolled like spirals when swimming and flattened when eating. This ray has smooth skin, a broad, rectangular terminal mouth located at the front of the head, and a tail that lacks a spine. Ventral view of a manta accompanied by remoras. Image  Steve Jones Unlike other mobulids, the mouth of the manta is in the terminal location, not inferior. The spiracles and the eyes are located laterally, while the gills are located ventrally. The disc is 2.2 times wider than it is long, not including the cephalic lobes. The tail from cloaca to tip is as long as the cloaca to the front of head. The tail is slightly flattened and is shorter than disc width. The head is slightly concave between the cephalic lobes, thereby forming a shallow triangular cavity anteriorly. The head region also forms a crest from nape to should but is otherwise flat. M. birostris has a dorsal fin that is located just anterior of the pectoral axis. The height of the dorsal fin is 83% of its base length. The base of the dorsal fins is 34% as long as the mouth is wide. Coloration Individual mantas possess distinct dorsal and ventral coloration that is unique to each animal. Generally, it is dark brown, grayish blue, or black on top with pale edges and white underneath. Some individual mantas have pale patches and color patterns on top as well as dark blotches underneath. These color variations have been used to identify individuals. Manta displaying distinctive color patterns. Image  Donald Tipton DentitionM. birostris possess teeth only on the lower jaw. There are 18 rows of teeth on the center of the lower jaw, with row number decreasing to 12-14 toward the corners of the mouth. Denticles Conical and ridge-like tubercles are present and sporadically placed over the disc, pelvic, and tail regions on both the dorsal and ventral surfaces of the disc. Tubercles of the ventral surface are radially striated. Size, Age, and Growth This ray can achieve a maximum disc width of 29.5 feet (9 m), with an average width of about 22 feet (6.7m). The largest specimens of the manta weigh up to 3,000 pounds (1350 kg). Estimated life span for these giants is approximately 20 years. Food Habits All mobulids are primarily filter feeders that occasionally consume small fish. The filtering mechanism consists of plates of pinkish-brown sponge-like tissue located between the successive gill bars that support the gills. When feeding, the cephalic lobs unfurl, directing plankton-rich water towards the mouth. Many have opportunistic remoras attached to their undersides, consuming scraps that result from feeding. Mantas have been observed swimming in slow vertical loops within rich feeding areas. They aggregate in areas that offer large concentrations of zooplankton, with up to 50 individuals within an area. Oceanic islands and submarine ridges provide precious few sites containing nutrient-rich waters and an abundance of zooplankton, in the otherwise nutrient poor tropical regions. Reproduction Males reach maturity at a disc width of at least 13 feet (4 meters) while females mature at a disc width of 16.5 feet (5 meters). During copulation male rays bite the pectoral fins of the females before aligning themselves, abdomen to abdomen, inserting one clasper into the females cloaca. Manta rays reproduce by ovoviviparity with the birth of one pup during a breeding season. Embryos have been shown to reach 50 inches in disc width and weigh 20 lbs. or more. Parturition occurs in relatively shallow water where the young remain for a few years prior to expanding their range offshore. Historical manta catch: weight 5,500 pounds, disc width 19 feet 8 inches. Image courtesy Jay Gould PredatorsDue to their size, the only predators of the manta ray are large sharks. Parasites Specific parasites associated with M. birostris are unknown. However, this ray is known to visit wrasse cleaning stations on a daily basis. These fish function to remove parasites from the mantas. Taxonomy Manta birostris was first described by Dondorff in 1798. Synonyms include Cephalopterus vampyrus Mitchill 1824, Cephalopterus manta Bancroft 1829, Manta americana Bancroft 1829, Ceratoptera johnii Mller & Henle 1841, Ceratoptera alfredi Krefft 1868, Brachioptilon hamiltoni Hamilton & Newman 1849, Raja manatia Bloch & Schneider 1801, Manta hamiltoni Hamilton & Newman 1849, and Manta alfredi Krefft 1868. Prepared by: Nancy Passarelli and Andrew Piercy <N> New York  The Trump Tower apartment where a deadly fire started Saturday had no working smoke alarm, a New York City Fire Department source familiar with the investigation said -- which means there was no alarm sounding in the unit when firefighters arrived. The fire on the 50th floor of the New York City highrise left one man dead and six firefighters injured, the FDNY said. The victim was identified as Todd Brassner, 67. The FDNY was notified of the fire by a building-wide alarm system in Trump Tower, the source said. This system alerted the fire department to the location of the fire, including the floor of the blaze. Such alarm systems are common, and they are not audible in the entire building to prevent people from evacuating all at once and clogging staircases for firefighters. The fire was contained to the 50th floor of the apartment building, which is located on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. The President resides in the penthouse when he's in New York City. No members of the Trump family were in the tower during the fire, Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro said. The upper-level residential floors of the 58-story building are not equipped with fire sprinklers, Nigro said. Read More <N> One man was killed and three people were injured last night in a fire in a high-rise apartment building in Brooklyn that officials say was started by a cigarette. The fire occurred just hours after a mayoral panel proposed stringent new fire regulations in residential buildings, including rules requiring sprinklers. The fire, at 541 Wythe Avenue in the Williamsburg section, killed Santander Oregallo, 65, who was found dead in his apartment, said Bruce Lyall, a Fire Department spokesman. Three other residents of the 26-story building were treated for minor smoke inhalation, he said. Two were taken to Long Island College Hospital and one was treated at the scene, he said. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Officials said they believe the fire was caused by a cigarette in Mr. Oregallo's apartment. ''From what we can tell, it was a case of careless smoking,'' Mr. Lyall said. The fire, he added, was confined to Mr. Oregallo's 24th floor apartment, which did not have sprinklers. <N> ''When you have the loss of three lives and when there is a possibility something could have been done to prevent it, you've got to leave that option open,'' the Mayor continued. ''There's no question it was turned off. No one has a reason for why it was turned off. The question is, did anybody inspect that? Who knew about it? Why were they closed? And that we don't have answers to at this point.'' Sprinklers are not required in the building, which was built with Federal funds but is managed by the City Housing Authority. The Fire Department checks the sprinklers every five years, and last did so in 1996. The Housing Authority is supposed to conduct monthly checks of the system. Ruth Colon, a spokeswoman for the Housing Authority, declined to provide any information about the building, including when it was last inspected. In any case, it appears that the inspections by both fire and housing officials were incomplete. Although inspectors often remove the head of an individual sprinkler to determine whether water is reaching it, officials said only the main valve seemed to have been checked. While that valve, which is connected to the water source, was open, five valves on the first floor intended to bring water to the residential areas of the building were shut tight. Officials found those valves, hidden beneath a trapdoor that had been painted over and had to be chiseled open, only by consulting the original blueprints for the building. ''We just think that the person responsible for making sure that that system was open from beginning to end did not make sure that system was open,'' said the Fire Commissioner, Thomas Von Essen. ''Whoever was responsible for doing it did not do it.'' Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. Officials believe that the fire began while Jacqueline Pinder, 67, was smoking in bed. The three firefighters who died were part of a specially trained rescue squad and had gone to find Ms. Pinder, unaware that she had found refuge in a neighbor's apartment. A Fire Department official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that, in part because of Ms. Pinder's fire door remaining open, the hallway temperature had reached 2,000 degrees. The firefighters' protective suits can withstand heat only up to 700 degrees, the official said. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Ms. Colon said she believed that the intense heat from the fire prevented the door from functioning properly. Fire Department sources said that explanation made no sense, adding that tenants sometimes disabled the self-closing doors because they can be inconvenient. Investigators have not yet been able to interview Ms. Pinder, as she remains in critical condition at Jacobi Medical Center in the Bronx. ''No clue,'' Ms. Colon said when asked why the fire door stayed open and all but one sprinkler valve shut. ''This is the mystery that we are trying to find: why was the main one open and every other one was closed? We are investigating every possibility.'' Funerals for the victims, Lieut. Joseph P. Cavalieri and Firefighters James F. Bohan and Christopher M. Bopp, are scheduled for tomorrow and Tuesday. Visitations began yesterday and are planned for today as well. Six firefighters who were injured in the blaze were all listed in good condition and expected to be released from area hospitals over the weekend. Angel Morales, 69, who pulled Ms. Pinder into safety in his apartment, was also listed in critical condition at Jacobi Medical Center. Two other tenants were hospitalized Friday; details on their conditions were unavailable. At the apartment building yesterday, police, fire, and housing department officials were cleaning up soot and soggy rugs, as relatives of the elderly residents swarmed in to check on their loved ones. Ms. Colon said the city had relocated nine residents of the building to vacant Housing Authority apartments, but others with water damage were staying with friends or elsewhere. ''It was a tragedy, but they're lucky that more people weren't killed,'' said Andrew Malave, 40, whose mother lives on the eighth floor, two below the fire. ''With all these elderly people, these sprinklers should not be turned off.'' Mr. Malave and other residents and their relatives wondered whether the sprinklers were shut because of recent construction in the building, including repairs to the elevators. ''Nothing here ever works,'' said Gloria Bryant, 73, who has lived in the building for three years. She said that there was a fire in the building a year ago and the fire alarms failed, but it was a small blaze and was contained. ''Something is always wrong,'' she said. Jake Sanders, 69, who lives on the third floor, spent Friday night and yesterday downstairs at the apartment of a friend, Norman Armstead, because his place was flooded. ''Something is going to have to be done,'' Mr. Sanders said. ''The bed is wet, the floor is wet, and the water is still dropping. I can't live under conditions like that. It's not healthy.'' Outside, Firefighter Mike Fazio was helping assess the damage, remembering Mr. Bopp, who was in his training academy class. ''The whole thing is horrible, really crushing,'' said Mr. Fazio, who last saw Mr. Bopp at a Christmas party last week. ''It's been hard on everybody and everybody's families. Everybody is still in shock from this.'' <N> The Council hearing came in the wake of two high-rise apartment fires last month -- the Manhattan blaze and another in Brooklyn on Dec. 18 that left three city firefighters dead. But when the daylong hearing ended, it was far from clear whether city officials would agree to require sprinklers for all existing apartment buildings, as was urged by the survivors, safety experts, sprinkler company representatives and others who testified. Most other major cities have such a requirement. Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and the Council appear to have already agreed on two changes: requiring sprinklers for new residential buildings and requiring the installation of emergency public address systems for all high-rises, new and existing. ''I see this issue moving fast,'' said Walter McCaffrey, a Queens Democrat who has taken a leading position on the subject. But the much larger issue of requiring sprinklers for existing buildings, a proposal that developers and landlords have opposed as needless and costly, remains unresolved. ''It's going to be a little rough sledding for retrofitting,'' said the chairman of the Council's Housing and Buildings Committee, Archie Spigner, a Queens Democrat who presided over the hearing. ''The discussion has just begun, but it has begun.'' Among the many speakers pushing for sprinkler requirements was Vina Drennan, a board member of the National Fallen Firefighters Committee and the widow of a city firefighter who was killed in a 1994 fire. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. ''I challenge anyone who says, 'We cannot afford a sprinkler system law' to visit the burn unit'' at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, where her husband, John Drennan, died, she said. ''We can change this. I hope you have the courage to stand up to the forces that have blocked sprinklers in this city.'' Advertisement Continue reading the main story In a statement, the Real Estate Board of New York said it was committed to ''the highest level of life and fire safety'' for apartment residents. But it added, ''If we are changing our codes to conform to the rest of the country with respect to sprinklering new construction, then it is essential to allow the types of construction and materials used in the rest of the country.'' As expected, Fire Department officials proposed requiring sprinklers in the hallways and apartments of all new high-rise buildings. In a surprise move, however, they said the regulations should cover all new residential construction, including one- and two-family houses. That would affect the few thousand new houses built in New York City in a typical year. Fire officials also suggested installing public address systems that could be used to alert and direct residents in case of a fire or other emergency. Under their proposal, the speaker systems would be required for all high-rises, new and existing, over six stories high. The cost remains the key stumbling block to installing sprinklers, and the figures are in dispute. Dan Margulies, director of the Community Housing Improvement Program, a landlord group, estimated that citywide installation would cost billions of dollars. ''Who is going to finance it?'' he asked. ''Can tenants afford to pay $50-per-month rent increases? We don't believe that sprinklers are a magic bullet, or that codes should be haphazardly amended based on the headlines.'' But Councilman McCaffrey said he was intrigued by city estimates of $839 to install sprinklers in the typical new apartment and $1,376 to do so in an existing apartment. The city chapter of a firefighters' union, the Uniformed Fire Officers Association, endorsed sprinklers for all residential and commercial buildings. The fire chief of Jacksonville, Fla., Ray Alfred, said retrofitting existing buildings to include sprinklers ''is going to have to be done sooner or later.'' Other national experts testified that Maryland is requiring sprinklers in all new buildings and that Florida is requiring them for all existing buildings, a requirement that will be phased in over 12 years. ''New York City lags behind'' the rest of the country, said Russell Fleming, a spokesman for the National Fire Sprinkler Association, a trade group. Other suggestions at the hearing included requiring modern alarm systems that monitor sprinklers to insure that they are working properly and make automated announcements to residents in emergencies before firefighters arrive. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Elizabeth Holtzman, the former City Comptroller and former Congresswoman, spoke on behalf of the Firecom alarm company, based in New York. She said the city's regulations are more stringent for commercial buildings than they are for residences. ''There is no good reason that New Yorkers should not be as safe in their homes as they are when they go to work,'' she said. ''There is no good reason for tourists who visit New York to have the benefit of stronger fire-protection measures than people who live in this great city.'' <N> Any bill is likely to face opposition, however. Last year, a Council-sponsored bill calling for sprinkler systems in high-rise apartment buildings died quietly because it was opposed by the Giuliani administration, ignored by the Council leadership and lobbied against by the real estate industry, whose ability to make sizable campaign contributions has historically made it a force to reckon with in city politics. In 1994, the Fire Department drafted a proposal to require sprinklers in new multiple-dwelling buildings. But that plan, which was also opposed by the real estate industry, was eventually dropped by the Giuliani administration. Yesterday, Mayor Giuliani and City Council leaders accused each other of not pursuing past proposals that would have brought the city in line with sprinkler regulations that are standard in many other parts of the country. That squabble played against a backdrop of ongoing lobbying by the real estate industry and sprinkler manufacturers, whose interests stand in opposition. But mayoral aides and Council members agree that despite the opposition of the real estate industry, they expect some form of sprinkler legislation to emerge. Archie Spigner, the chairman of the City Council's Housing and Buildings Committee, said yesterday that he received a telephone call this week from Donald J. Trump, the real estate developer, who expressed concern about the high cost of installation and other problems that he had with sprinklers. Mr. Trump confirmed yesterday that he had ''received and placed calls'' from and to various city officials. It is that kind of easy access to city leaders by the opposition that proponents of sprinkler legislation fear. ''It is a hard battle, because real estate interests make political contributions,'' said John A. Viniello, the president of the National Fire Sprinkler Association, which has also made contributions and whose members stand to profit from laws requiring sprinklers. ''If they are financially supporting the City Council and the Mayor, it is difficult for politicians to take action that is unpopular with them.'' While most cities across the country require sprinklers in residential buildings, New York City's fire code relies heavily on fire-resistant construction intended to contain a fire until firefighters arrive. Both fire officials and people in the real estate industry note that fire deaths in the city have decreased dramatically in recent years; so far this year, 101 people have died in fires, the fewest in 42 years. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Steven Spinola, the president of the Real Estate Board of New York, an industry group, said yesterday that most fatal fires occur in two- and three-family homes, not in high-rise buildings that have fire-resistant construction. He and Mr. Trump said that in addition to being costly -- up to $4 per square foot to equip an entire building, Mr. Spinola said -- sprinklers were also prone to vandalism and mishaps, and widely disliked by tenants for esthetic reasons. ''We believe that the code that exists in New York City basically gives us the safest buildings,'' Mr. Spinola said. ''We don't believe sprinklers are necessary to have the safest buildings.'' But advocates for sprinkler systems say they vastly increase safety. A 1994 memorandum drafted by the Fire Department states, ''Statistics show that sprinklers are the most effective fire prevention tool available -- aside from casualties due to firefighting and explosions, there are no recorded multiple losses of life in fully sprinklered buildings.'' Walter L. McCaffrey, the Council member who proposed the 1997 sprinkler bill, cited a 1995 report by the National Fire Protection Association that found that when sprinklers are present, the chances of dying in a fire are cut by one-half and the average amount of property loss is reduced by two-thirds. Real estate developers and their lobbying groups have made substantial contributions over the years to the politicians involved in the debate over sprinkler systems, including Mr. Giuliani, Mr. Spigner and Mr. McCaffrey, though each of the three men said his position on sprinkler legislation was not influenced by such contributions. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. At a news conference yesterday to announce plans to educate tenants in high-rise apartments about fire prevention, Mr. Giuliani insisted that he would not be swayed by any interest group, and noted that he had opposed the interests of the Real Estate Board of New York in the past. ''Nobody puts pressure on me if public safety is involved,'' he said, adding: ''If they have a valid objection, that will be considered. If they don't, we will go in the other direction.'' The renewed interest in sprinkler legislation came after two high-rise fires in the last two weeks claimed seven lives. On Dec. 19 three firefighters were killed in a fire at a city-managed apartment house for the elderly in Brooklyn. Because that complex was built with Federal funds, it was required by law to have a sprinkler system in the hallways. But those sprinklers were turned off, and the city has launched an inquiry to determine why. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Five days later, on Dec. 24, four people were killed in a fire in a 51-story building on the Upper West Side of Manhattan when they fled to the stairwells and were overcome by smoke. In keeping with city regulations, there were sprinklers only on the first ten floors of that building, which are for commercial, not residential, use. In 1994, Howard Safir -- then Mr. Giuliani's Fire Commissioner and now his Police Commissioner -- drafted a proposal to require sprinklers in most new and renovated apartment buildings. The Real Estate Board of New York immediately wrote a letter opposing the plan. But in February 1995, Mr. Safir defended its merits in a written response, calling sprinklers ''an essential feature in providing for the life and safety from fire of occupants sleeping in residential buildings.'' The proposal went nowhere. Colleen Roche, Mr. Giuliani's press secretary, said its demise had nothing to do with pressure from the real estate industry. The administration ''was advised by the City Council that it wouldn't go anywhere, and that it was pointless to submit it,'' she said. Nevertheless, when Mr. McCaffrey submitted a similar bill in 1997, three of the Giuliani administration's city agencies testified against it at a hearing before the Council's Housing and Buildings Committee. That bill called for installing sprinklers in new residential buildings that were three stories or higher, and for installing sprinklers in the stairwells and public hallways of existing buildings within five years. In testifying against the bill, representatives of the Buildings Department and the Department of Housing Preservation and Development cited the increased expense for both the city and the buildings' owners as among their concerns. And a lawyer representing the Fire Department said that more input was needed from ''the building and construction community.'' Yesterday, Mr. Giuliani's aides said that they had opposed the McCaffrey bill primarily because it called for sprinklers in stairwells, which would have forced both firefighters and fleeing tenants to maneuver through cascades of water. But Council members said that concern was not raised by the city officials who testified before a Council committee on the bill in October 1997. Mr. Giuliani refused to take the blame for the bill's demise. ''The Council knows how to pass bills with or without the Mayor,'' he said. ''If they wanted to pass this bill, they would have passed it.'' Advertisement Continue reading the main story Mr. McCaffrey said that contributions from the real estate industry had no effect on his stance, and that his bill simply lost momentum during the Council session. But Council members and mayoral aides now say that death has a way of focusing the mind and dissolving differences. ''It's a shame that it always takes a tragedy,'' said Mr. Viniello of the sprinkler association. ''Housing codes are written in blood.'' <N> Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani signed a measure into law yesterday requiring sprinkler systems to be installed in most new residential buildings in the city. The Mayor signed the legislation even though he said he believed it was not strong enough, but he said he would appoint a task force to develop stricter fire safety regulations. The new law requires sprinklers in every unit and every common hallway of new residential buildings with four or more units. It also requires the installation of sprinklers in existing residential properties that undergo renovations costing 50 percent or more of the building's value. But Mr. Giuliani, who signed the law during a ceremony at City Hall, said sprinklers should be required in all homes, not just those that house four or more families. Advertisement Continue reading the main story ''I would like to see us go further,'' Mr. Giuliani said. Recalling the two deadly fires that led to the legislation, he added, ''I do not want us to lose the momentum that has come off these terrible tragedies.'' <N> Curtiss JN-4H - Jenny  Back  Next  The Curtiss manufactured JN-4H aircraft was nicknamed the "Jenny." This single engine biplane was used during World War I by the U.S. Army Air Service. Army pilots could easily have joked that the plane was "a bunch of parts flying in formation." The pilots noted that "if you can fly a Jenny, you can fly anything!" These planes were designed by B. Douglas Thomas. The Post Office Department began using them on May 15, 1918, when the first scheduled airmail service was instituted. Jennies were flown between Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and New York, New York. Army pilots flew the planes for the first 2 months of the service, until the postal service was able to hire its own pilots. The Jenny's top speed was about 80 mph, with a range of about 175 miles and a ceiling of about 11,000 feet. The plane's wingspan was 43 ft., 7 inches, and the plane weighed just over a ton. Before the planes were taken by the postal service, their 90-horsepower engines were replaced with 150 horsepower Hispano-Suiza engines. The Jenny could carry a little less than 300 pounds of mail per trip. The front seat was left out of the redesigned planes, in order to carry mail bags. The planes' gas capacity was doubled when a set of gas tanks were hooked together so the plane could fly farther. Sometimes a liability can also be an asset. When airmail pilot Ernest Allison was asked his opinion of the plane, he said that he considered it safe because the plane's "carburetor would vibrate the plane so badly that it would shake the ice off the wings." <N> Notes Gladys Roy (1902?-1927) was a barnstormer during the 1920s, performing mostly in the Minneapolis, Minnesota and the Los Angles and Hollywood, California area. Roy became a parachute jumper in 1921 and later a wing-walker, most famous for dancing the Charleston and for playing tennis on the upper wing of an airplane in flight. According to her letterhead, she was the holder of the world's low record parachute jump and she also completed a parachute jump from 17,000 feet. The Western Vaudeville Managers' Association was Roy's booking agent, and they booked her into fairs across the West. Roy was also did stunt work for Lord Motor Car Company as well as exhibition work for John P. Mills Real estate and for various other real estate exhibitions and auctions. She was in the movie business, appearing in "The Fighting Ranger" (1925), but was thrown from a horse during the production and seriously injured. She was the sister of Robert "Lee," Charles "Les," and Chadwick "Chad" Smith, all prominent pilots from Minnesota who flew for Northwest Airlines and were inducted in the Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame. Roy and Lt. Delmar Synder were planning a flight from New York to Rome, but unfortunately Roy died in Ohio on August 15, 1927 when she walked into the spinning propeller of an aircraft that was sitting on the ground <N> When stuntwoman Gladys Roy jumped on a frisky mare during the making of The Fighting Ranger in May 1924, she was promptly bucked off, dislocating her hip and earning her a weeks stay in the hospital. She really should have been wary. It was the 13th, after all, not a good number for Roy: When she was 13 years old, she fell from a ladder and broke her arm. On her 13th parachute jump she struck an air pocket 100 feet from the ground and landed badly. But this was her worst injury yet, causing the (Los Angeles) Illustrated Daily News to remark that for Roy, it is safer to leap from the wings of a speeding airplane at 16,000 feet than it is to try and stay aboard a horse on a boulevard. Roy, barely remembered today, was a popular barnstormer, parachute jumper, and wingwalker in the 1920s. She danced the Charleston perched atop the wing of a biplane, and walked across blindfolded. Shes probably most famous for her stunt with Ivan Unger (above), in which the two played (or pretended to play) tennis on the wing of a biplane in flight. (Postcards of the stunt can still be found for sale.) While little is known about Roy, the National Air and Space Museum archives has a small collection of her letters. Probably born in Minnesota, by 1921 Roy had moved to Los Angeles. In November of that year she hoped to break the world altitude record for a parachute jump by a woman, leaping from 16,000 feet. It would be her third time in a parachute. While the Los Angeles Times notes Roys forthcoming attempt, her success or failure isnt recorded. But by 1924, at least, Roys letterhead proclaimed her the holder of the worlds low record parachute jump, from just 100 feet. Needless to say, I dont care to make the jump again, she told the Times in 1925. Roy was making good money  from $200 to $500 per performance ($2,600 to $6,700 in todays dollars)  but as she wrote in a 1924 letter to her brothers, my expenses are very high and it takes every thing that I have to keep going. The Western Vaudeville Managers Association was her agent, booking her at fairs, real estate exhibitions, even auctions. In a December 1924 letter to her brother Chad, Roy wrote, When I loop I stand on the center section with both hands in the air. Yesterday the photographer tried to get a picture of it though I dont know if he succeeded or not. The work was difficult as well as dangerous. It was cold as the dickins & cloudy I almost froze to death, wrote Roy in 1924. I was told to get some Chinese tissue paper and make a suit of it to wear under my flying clothes & the cold cannot penetrate it & I will keep nice & warm. But something happened to her career in 1926. Although Roy was driving a new Cadillac (cactus gray trimmed in black), a gift from her husband, she was struggling to get $100 for exhibition performances. Roys mother had to send her money. Roy told the Los Angeles Times in May 1926, Of late the crowds are beginning to tire of even my most difficult stunts and so I must necessarily invent new ones, that is, I want to hold my reputation as a dare-devil. Eventually an accident will occur and then In August 1927, Roy was in Youngstown, Ohio, performing in an exhibition, and preparing for a New York-to-Rome flight with Lieutenant Delmar Snyder. She was having her picture taken with an Ohio beauty contestant. The picture was nearly finished, reported the New York Times, when the woman flier started the engine, stepped down from the fuselage and unconsciously walked into the propeller. She was 25 years old. <N> Flixxy editors search the internet daily, to find the very best videos for you: SELECTION: From over 300,000 videos uploaded to YouTube daily, Flixxy editors select only 1-3 videos to be added to the site daily. PG RATING: Flixxy videos and comments are all PG rated. They are "Safe For All Ages" and "Safe For Work". All content is uplifting. SELECTED START AND END POINTS: Many of Flixxys videos start late or end early. We skip lengthy introductions and get to the point. CONCISE CAPTION AND DESCRIPTION: We know your time is valuable. so we distill the information down to what you want to know. <N> On March 25th at approximately 10:50 p.m. Dothan Police Officers responded to a suspicious vehicle at Stringer Street A.M.E. Church, 1900 Stringer St., while officers were in the area they discovered a wrecked vehicle at the intersection of Lake St. and Allen Road. One of those vehicles was occupied by Ms. Breunia Jennings, 23, of Dothan. Ms. Jennings was pronounced dead at the scene. Her cause of death was a gunshot wound. Several people at the scene were detained and taken to the Dothan Police Department for interviews. After interviews were completed Jamie Emmanuel Townes, 26, of S. St. Andrews St., Dothan AL was arrested for Capital Murder. A no bond has been issued. Also arrested for Capital Murder was Kenneth Glasgow, 52, of W. Powell St., Dothan. A no bond has been issued in this case. All persons are innocent until proven guilty. <N> Snapchat's Stock Sinks After Rihanna Denounces Domestic Violence Ad Enlarge this image toggle caption Mamadou Diop/AP Mamadou Diop/AP Singer Rihanna denounced an ad that appeared on Snapchat making a game of domestic violence that featured photographs of her and Chris Brown. And the social media app's stock price went tumbling. "Now SNAPCHAT I know you already know you ain't my fav app out there," Rihanna said in a statement posted Thursday on rival social media platform Instagram, where she has 61 million followers. "I'd love to call it ignorance, but I know you ain't that dumb! You spent money to animate something that would intentionally bring shame to DV victims and made a joke of it!!!" The ad was for the mobile game "Would You Rather," which asks users a series of questions, sometimes offensive. The ad said, "Would you rather slap Rihanna" or "punch Chris Brown." In 2009, Brown pleaded guilty to felony assault after Rihanna accused him of beating her and trying to push her out of a car. Photos emerged of her with a bruised face. Snapchat had already yanked the ad Monday and issued an apology. But the ad reappeared on social media as users circulated it and questioned its content. "Just awful," Chelsea Clinton tweeted. "Awful that anyone thinks this is funny. Awful that anyone thinks this is appropriate. Awful that any company would approve this." Apparently Snapchat agreed. "This advertisement is disgusting and never should have appeared on our service," a Snapchat spokesperson said in a statement. "We are so sorry we made the terrible mistake of allowing it through our review process. We are investigating how that happened so that we can make sure it never happens again." Snapchat has an automated ad-buying platform. But company policy states, "All ads are subject to our review and approval." It also says it prohibits "Shocking, sensational, or disrespectful content." In her Instagram post, Rihanna went on to say, "This isn't about my personal feelings, cause I don't have much of them...but all the women, children and men that have been victims of DV in the past and especially the ones who haven't made it out yet...you let us down! Shame on you. Throw the whole app-oligy away." Investors apparently heeded the call and threw away some stock. Snap Inc's stock prices fell around 4 percent later Thursday, wiping out nearly $800 million from its market value, reports CNN. By Friday, it had rebounded some, but closed the week with a 1 percent loss. Snapchat has experience with the kind of influence celebrities can wield. Last month after Snapchat changed its layout, Kylie Jenner, one of its most popular users, tweeted that she was no longer using the app. The company's stock quickly fell 6 percent, erasing more than a billion dollars from its market value, said CNN. <N> Less than a month after Kylie Jenner sent Snapchat stock into a downward spiral, another celebrity slam on the photo-sharing app has seemingly caused the company to take a major hit. The stock prices of Snap Inc. fell around 4 percent on Thursday, reported CNN. The dip came after Rihanna responded to the apps apology for running an ad for a game called Would You Rather asking users if they would rather slap Rihanna or punch her ex Chris Brown, alluding to a 2009 domestic violence incident. The market value of the apps parent company dropped almost $800 million, according to the outlet. On Friday, Snaps stock fell another 1 percent, CNN reported. Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegels personal net worth dropped $150 million due to the decease, according to Forbes. He is currently worth an estimated $3.8 billion, Forbes reported. Is it just me, or is this ad that popped up on my Snapchat extremely tone deaf? Like what were they thinking with this? pic.twitter.com/7kP9RHcgNG  Royce Mann (@TheRoyceMann) March 12, 2018 In 2009, Rihannas then-boyfriend Brown physically assaulted her in his car ahead of a Grammys party. Brown, now 28, was charged with two felony counts  assault and making criminal threats  and the exes reached a plea agreement that spared Brown jail time after he pleaded guilty to felony assault by means likely to cause great bodily injury. After the social media app apologized on Tuesday for running the since-pulled ad, Rihanna responded via Instagram on Thursday. Now SNAPCHAT I know you already know you aint my fav app out there! But Im just trying to figure out what the point was with this mess! Id love to call it ignorance, but I know you aint that dumb! the 30-year-old singer wrote in an Instagram Story. Rihanna You spent money to animate something that would intentionally bring shame to DV victims and made a joke of it!!! This isnt about my personal feelings, cause I dont have much of thembut all the women, children and men that have been victims of DV in the past and especially the ones who havent made it out yetyou let us down! Rihannas post continued. Shame on you, she added. Throw the whole app-oligy away. Browns lawyer Mark Geragos shared the following statement with PEOPLE: Whoever conceived this at Snapchat needs to be slapped. This advertisement is disgusting and never should have appeared on our service. We are so sorry we made the terrible mistake of allowing it through our review process. We are investigating how that happened so that we can make sure it never happens again, Snapchat said in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter on Thursday. After removing the ad from the app on Tuesday, Snapchat also released the following statement to the BBC: The advert was reviewed and approved in error, as it violates our advertising guidelines. We immediately removed the ad last weekend, once we became aware. We are sorry that this happened. Last month, Snapchats stock dropped $1.3 billion in market value, according to Time, after Jenner revealed to her followers that she no longer opens the app. still love you tho snap  my first love  Kylie Jenner (@KylieJenner) February 21, 2018 The outlet also reported Wall Street analyst Mark May downgraded the stock to sell from neutral after the apps redesign sparked negative reviews from users. <N> Check out ngims Publishing's other illustrated literary classics. The vast majority of our books have original illustrations, free audiobook download link at the end of the book, navigable Table of Contents, and are fully formatted. Browse our library collection by typing in ngims or ngims plus the title you're looking for, e.g. ngims Gulliver's Travels. Free ebooks on the web are not organized for easy reading, littered with text errors and often have missing contents. You will not find another beautifully formatted classic literature ebook that is well-designed with amazing artworks and illustrations and a link to download free audiobook for a very low price like this one. The nominal price of this ebook covers the time and effort in formatting the materials and putting everything together in one place for your convenience. As a reader, you would want everything readily available at your fingertips because you many not have the time, interest or know where to look for your favorite book. The Communist Manifesto, originally titled Manifesto of the Communist Party (German: Manifest der Kommunistischen Partei) is a short 1848 book written by the German Marxist political theorists Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. It has since been recognized as one of the world's most influential political manuscripts. Commissioned by the Communist League, it laid out the League's purposes and program. It presents an analytical approach to the class struggle (historical and present) and the problems of capitalism, rather than a prediction of communism's potential future forms. The book contains Marx and Engels' Marxist theories about the nature of society and politics, that in their own words, "The history of all hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles." It also briefly features their ideas for how the capitalist society of the time would eventually be replaced by socialism, and then eventually communism. FEATURES Includes beautiful artworks and illustrations A link of a FREE audio book to download at the end of the book Active Table of Contents for an easy navigation within the book Saves space and don t have to carry a hard copy around Offers an easy access and convenience to this classic literary masterpiece for a reasonable price Gives a lasting entertainment and values for readers of all ages <N> Karl Marx was born in 1818 in Trier, Prussia; he was the oldest surviving boy in a family of nine children. Both of his parents were Jewish, and descended from a long line of rabbis, but his father, a lawyer, converted to Lutheranism in 1816 due to contemporary laws barring Jews from higher society. Young Karl was baptized in the same church at the age of 6, but later became an atheist. Did You Know? The 1917 Russian Revolution, which overthrew three centuries of tsarist rule, had its roots in Marxist beliefs. The revolutions leader, Vladimir Lenin, built his new proletarian government based on his interpretation of Marxist thought, turning Karl Marx into an internationally famous figure more than 30 years after his death. After a year at the University of Bonn (during which Marx was imprisoned for drunkenness and fought a duel with another student), his worried parents enrolled their son at the University of Berlin, where he studied law and philosophy. There he was introduced to the philosophy of the late Berlin professor G.W.F. Hegel and joined a group known as the Young Hegelians, who were challenging existing institutions and ideas on all fronts, including religion, philosophy, ethics and politics. <N> What is a ZeroEuro Zero Euro is a souvenir banknote with authorized printing by the European Central Bank (ECB) and is on queue to be a popular in 2018 banknote collector markets. Its origins stem from France in 2015 after Richard Faille, creator of popular French currency souvenirs, decided... What is a Zero Euro? The Zero Euro is a souvenir banknote with authorized printing by the European Central Bank (ECB) and is on queue to be a popular in 2018 banknote collector markets. Its origins stem from France in 2015 after Richard Faille, creator of popular French currency souvenirs, decided to create euros that promote tourism. The banknotes are printed at a private fiduciary facility and they share many of the same characteristics of a real Euro except that they are marked as 0, hence the name, and are tested to ensure they cannot enter circulation as legitimate financial currency. The front of all zero euros is the same and it includes a white zero followed by the Euro sign to denominate no financial value. Then (from left to right) Brandenburg Gate, Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower, the Colosseum, Sagrada Familia, Manneken Pis and the Mona Lisa. <N> Since 2015, Richard FAILLE, a french entrepreneur, developed a concept of tourist currency or zero euro banknote sold on tourist sites all over France. He was rapidely successfull. Now his product, often sold out after a few weeks, creates interest in many other european countries. NUMISMAG: Mister FAILLE, the tourist currency collection seems to be well established since this year out of France. What are your expectations from here to the end of the year 2017 (new countries opening, types of new foreign customers  institutional or tourist sites head offices)? Richard FAILLE: We have two countries which we wish to open to the collection, Portugal and Spain. In Italy, we are in search of a partner who would be our licencee for this country. The case of Switzerland is a little particular insofar as the market is totally new and we needed to adapt the product to this specific market. We opened the market in 2017. Memories products market is less more developed than in the other countries. They do not know for example tourist tokens. All the reference frame and the network of tourist sites potentially interested by our banknotes have to be created. In Belgium, after difficult beginnings, our licencee engaged the collection well and knew to recruit prestigious client sites such as Atomium of Brussels, Waterloo, BOUILLON Castle or Bastogne War Museum. Richard FAILLE NUMISMAG: Germany is in particular a market that is in full expansion. How do you explain this fast success? Richard FAILLE: The key factors were the quality of our licencee work, Euroschein Memory and the signature of famous tourist sites such as SCHLOSS BERLIN, for example. The success of the first issues was quickly known from tourist sites managers circle. The sites like the product and german collectors do collect much more banknotes than the French collectors do. Moreover, the strong use of cash in Germany in the daily life, as means of payment, is a factor which played in favour of our product marketing strategy. Considering the success of our banknotes, our partner LEUCHTURM considers, in the long term, the edition of an album for tourist currency issued only by the german sites. The german market could even in the long term be more important than the french market NUMISMAG: The european banknotes news were marked at the end of 2016 by new and first english 5 polymer banknote. May we see one day polymer tourist currency? RICHARD FAILLE: Yes and no. The collection in its globality will remain printed on fiduciary paper. However, it is true that some National Central Banks (NCB) showed their interest for this kind of fiduciary polymer notes. The Bank of England in fact is part of it. Our partner, the fiduciary printer Oberthur fiduciaire, wish to develop a short serie which would be also a test issue for Oberthur printer, for the orders currency orders of NCB in the future (note: Oberthur manufactures a third of circulating banknotes around the world). The use of polymeric material implies the disappearance of security wire, which is a considerable warranty against counterfeiting. For polymer banknotes, this wire is in general replaced by a transparent window. We are thinking about a short serie of tourist currency on polymeric supportmaybe at the end of 2017 NUMISMAG: How would you develop this serie? RICHARD FAILLE: We think of developing a serie of 15 tourist currencies, dedicated to 15 worldwide notorious sites, i.e. 15 UNESCO classified sites. The issue volume would be 2017 series of 15 notes each, that is to say 30,255 notes. Only 2 000 baknotes would be for sale to collectors. A serie of 15 notes would be proposed at a retail price of 100 (VAT included) and will be marketed by numismatic dealers. It will be a very small collection, able to make the buzz in collectors world. But we expect the returns of the collectors and dealers on this new short polymer serie before the official issue. It will be a collection within the tourist currency collection. It will be to some extent the haute couture part of the collection. If the short serie meets success, it could be wide, for example, to historical great figures. Source: NUMISMAG. <N> In memory of the most famous son of the city of Trier, the Trier Tourism and Marketing GmbH proudly presents its 0-EURO bank note. In honor of Karl Marxs 200th birthday, his face is printed on this bill. The purple 0-EURO bank note, as well as a real EURO bank note, is made of security paper and with its size 135mm x 74mm, slightly larger than a 20 EURO bank note. Each bank note contains the following security features: Watermark, copper stripes, simultaneous touch, hologram, transparent register, UV fluorescent ink and an individual serial number consisting of 10 characters each (4 letters, 8 digits). Minimum order quantity: 5 pieces!! If you need more than 100 banknotes, please write us an email to _EMAIL_ <N> Bildquelle: Alexander Schumitz/ Trier Tourismus und Marketing GmbH TRIER. Die Trier Tourismus und Marketing GmbH (ttm) bietet anlsslich des Karl-Marx-Jahres einen Null-Euro-Schein mit einem Portrait des vor 200 Jahren in Trier geborenen Philosophen an. Er wird in einer limitierten Auflage von 5000 Stck herausgegeben. Karl Marx hat in seinem Kapital eine Geldtheorie entwickelt. Aber gut verdient hat er an ihr nicht. Die meiste Zeit whrend seines Londoner Exils lebte der vor 200 Jahren in Trier geborene Philosoph ohne einen Penny in der Tasche. Zwar knnte Marx mit einem Null-Euro-Schein seine Rechnungen immer noch nicht bezahlen. Aber der Null-Euro-Schein ist ein passendes Symbol fr Marx Geldtheorie und fr seinen Beitrag zur Wirtschaftsgeschichte. Gedruckt wird der Schein bei Oberthur Technologies in Frankreich. Die franzsische Druckerei gehrt zur Idemia-Gruppe, einem weltweit fhrenden Unternehmen im Bereich Sicherheit von Finanzprodukten. Dort wird beispielsweise auch ein Teil der bundesdeutschen Euro-Scheine fabriziert. Viele der Sicherheitsmerkmale des echten Geldes finden sich auch bei ihm. Ab sofort wird er in der Tourist-Information der ttm nahe der Porta Nigra fr drei Euro angeboten, er kann aber auch im Online-Shop der ttm bestellt werden. Karl Marx selbst hatte eher ein schwieriges Verhltnis zu Geld. So schrieb er beispielsweise: Geld ist das dem Menschen entfremdete Wesen seiner Arbeit und seines Daseins, und dieses fremde Wesen beherrscht ihn, und er betet es an. Und: Das Geld wird abgeschafft. Ich kenn schon einen, der nichts mehr hat. Seine Ansicht zum Reichtum ist in Zeiten von Bitcoins und sozialer Netz-werke so modern, wie sie es vor 150 Jahren war: Der wirkliche Reichtum eines Menschen ist der Reichtum seiner wirklichen Beziehungen. Norbert Kthler, Geschftsfhrer der ttm, sagt zu dem Null-Euro-Schein: Das Souvenir setzt sich spielerisch mit der Marxschen Kapitalismuskritik auseinander. Und natrlich passen die Null-Euro-Scheine auch hervorragend zu Marx als Geldscheinmotiv. Und fr alle, die glauben, dass man mit Marx nur Badengehen knne, hat die ttm in ihrem Shop eine Marx-Bade-Ente. <N> As Venezuela suffers from a severe shortage of cash, the country is attempting to boost public confidence by selling new zero-bolivar Karl Marx bills for 1,000 bolivars. The bolivar  Venezuelas national currency  has lost the virtually all of its value in less than 12 months and the end of the crisis is nowhere in sight. President Nicolas Maduro ordered the production of the Karl Marx bills, saying they will boost the morale of people decimated by hyperinflation. National Treasury chief Nelson Reinaldo Lepaje Salazar, who put Maduros plan into effect, said the people of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela will rescue each other with true Socialism. Those who do have bolivars to spend will buy the Karl Marx bills, and the government will give bolivars to people who have no bolivars to spend. The Treasury is selling the currency at an 8 percent commission, which can be purchased by each person according to his ability using a debit card or bank transfer. National banks then distribute bolivars to each according to his needs. The plan was necessary because prices have skyrocketed, making it hard for people to afford basic necessities such as food, medicine, or even toilet paper. And even if people do have money, its hard to actually find enough cash to buy anything. President Maduro said he expects hyperinflation will be under control by the end of the year. Advertisements <N> Gift cards are no longer being accepted at Toys R Us stores after customers were told they had until last weekend to use them. READ MORE: Remembering The Jolly Giant: Scotlands Toys R Us Toys R Us founder Charles Lazarus has died just days after the retailer went into administration The childrens superstore has officially gone into administration despite months of back-to-back failed rescue talks. All stores will continue trading until further notice, but customers have been warned to act quickly if they still have gift cards. Stores are selling hundreds of products at 25 per cent off their standard retail price in a major closing down sale. However, gift cards will no longer be accepted from 11 March. READ MORE: Video: Dunblane survivors send emotional message to Florida pupils Toys R Us have said on their website: Gift cards and vouchers will be honoured until Sunday, 11 March. There are no refunds for cash value on any gift cards. But customers are encouraged to redeem such vouchers as soon as possible as stores may be subject to closure without notice. All stock will be subject to clearance discounts and other special promotions, the firm added. Edinburghs Craigleith Toys R Us has been among stores to slash prices with immediate effect, with discounts of up to 25 per cent throughout the store. The chains Livingston outlet is among those set to close. READ MORE: Toys R Us and Maplin both go into administration Toys R Us was founded in 1985 and is one of the UKs largest toy retailers with more than 100 stores nationwide and over 1,500 stores worldwide in 33 countries. The announcement the store had gone into administration comes two months after its US parent company filed for bankruptcy. The move will also put 3,000 jobs at risk in the UK, including 800 Scottish jobs, although trading will continue online and in stores until further notice. Shoppers are no longer able to order goods online or use the click and collect tool. All existing orders will be fulfilled, subject to the stock continuing to be available. Toys R Us added: No exchanges for non-faulty items may be accepted and no refunds will be given. Anyone who has a concern about their item or wants a refund/exchange has been told their first point of call should be to go in store to try and resolve the issue. READ MORE: Toys R Us and Maplin: Your rights when firms go bust <N> Toys "R" Us is closing all of its stores in the UK. The company appointed administrators last month to run the business, and no buyer has since come forward to rescue Toys "R" Us in the UK. Toys "R" Us has since closed 25 stores. The company announced Wednesday the remaining 75 stores would remain open for now while executives determine a schedule for their closure. "The closure program for the remaining stores is expected to take approximately six weeks to complete with further announcements to follow," it said in a statement. In the meantime, the Toys "R" Us and Babies "R" Us stores will continue discounting toys, including 30% off outdoor toys and bicycles. The company encouraged shoppers to take advantage of the sales and help clear items off store shelves. Toys "R" Us is one of the UK's largest toy retailers with 3,000 staff across the country. The company said some buyers were interested in purchasing Toys "R" Us, but the company didn't receive any formal bids. The company laid off 67 people at its headquarters Wednesday. "We are grateful for the hard work of Toys "R" Us staff during this very difficult period and will be providing support where we can to those who have been made redundant," said Simon Thomas, the company's administrator. The collapse of Toys "R" Us in the UK follows Toys "R" Us filing for bankruptcy in the United States in September. The company is widely expected to announce this week that it will close all of its US stores. <N> gift cards will be accepted through 4/21 USA Today, March 15th: Toys R Us gift cards are good for next 30 days (until April 15th) _LINKS_ m/story/mo...427268002/ likely, but not definite yet. Many legitimate business news outlets including Bloomberg bloomberg.com] As soon as possible Per _LINKS_ "Gift cards, including e-gift cards, will continue to be honored through and including April 21, 2018."==Does this also affect Babies RUs. Babies R Us is a division of Toys R Us, which is currently in Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Should this move from Chapter 11 to Chapter 7 Liquidation, this would affect all Toys R Us and Babies R Us stores.When other stores went bankrupt, they still honored the gift cards. Why nothere USA Today confirms , in either Chapter 11 bankruptcy or Chapter 7 Liquidation, the retailer would have to ask the court for permission to continue to accept their gift cards. They don't have to ask for this permission, and the courts don't have to grant it. Particularly with Chapter 7 liquidation, the gift cards are often frozen and no longer accepted in the stores. Anyone who holds a gift card can only hope to petition the bankruptcy court for reimbursement. Even if successful, after all the other higher priority creditors are paid off, there may only be enough money left over to pay pennies on the dollar for remaining gift card balances - if that. More often, the cards simply become worthless.In this instance, Toys R Us did request and received permission to continue accepting the gift cards while under Chapter 11 bankruptcy. As USA Today reports, they also requested and apparently received permission to continue to accept them for 30 days from March 15, 2018 while the chain begins plans to liquidate, although it may be in your best interest to use them sooner rather than later, in case those plans change.Is this really going to happen? Will Toys R Us really liquidate? Or is this arumor isToys R Us announced a full liquidation of all stores in the US and UK will begin shortly. There's a chance that up to 200 stores may reopen under the ownership of TRU Canada, but that would happen after the US chain is liquidated.But I talk to (insert store employee/manager here), and they said....All the store employees and management know and are allowed to comment on is what has been officially announced thus far, which is that TRU is in Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization, some stores are going to close as a part of the process, but the rest areopen for business with noannounced plans to close. They have no more insight into the bankruptcy process than you or I. Should the liquidation happen, they'll likely find out at almost the same time that the rest of us find out (possibly a few minutes before).I have a gift card. When should I useit best selection. Given that the chain will be liquidating, they will be unlikely to receive any new inventory. This means once stuff is gone, it's (probably) gone for good. As noted above, you will likely have up to 30 days from March 15 to use the gift card, but it is in your best interest to use it immediately. <N> Bankrupt retailer Toys "R" Us may shut all its US stores as soon as next week, according to several reports. That's terrible news for the two biggest publicly traded toy companies. Investors are clearly preparing for the worst. Shares of Hasbro (HAS) fell 3.5% Friday morning while Mattel (MAT) plunged 7%. Smaller toy company Jakks Pacific (JAKK) fell nearly 5% too. Canada's Spin Master, which owns the popular line of Hatchimals toys, was down about 3% as well on the Toronto Stock Exchange. And everything isn't awesome for privately held European toy giant Lego either. The plastic bricks maker reported its first sales drop in thirteen years earlier this week. So these are clearly tough times for the toy makers. A spokesperson for Toys "R" Us declined to comment on the liquidation chatter. Toys "R" Us recently went into administration in the UK, paving the path for stores there to shut their doors. And the potential closing of Toys "R" Us in America would be a particularly huge blow to Hasbro and Mattel. According to recent regulatory filings from both companies, Toys "R" Us accounted for nearly 10% of the companies' overall sales. Toys "R" Us is the last megastore dedicated to toys. Without it, toymakers will struggle to promote anything but their most popular items. The death of a top customer is the last thing that Mattel and Hasbro need right now. Related: 5,300 UK jobs at risk as Toys "R" Us and another big British retailer collapse Mattel's overall sales during the fourth quarter (i.e, Christmas) fell 12% from a year ago, led by big drops for the Fisher-Price, American Girl and Lego competitor Mega Bloks brands. Hasbro reported a decline in sales during the fourth quarter, despite the fact that the Nerf and My Little Pony owner now holds nearly all of the lucrative licenses tied to movies from Disney and its many other studios -- Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm. Hasbro said that Star Wars product sales actually fell in the fourth quarter, as did sales of Disney Frozen toys. The softness in the toy industry is partly due to the rise of video games and other high-tech toys that kids are increasingly playing with instead of action figures, dolls and board games. But the shifting tide in retail isn't helping either. The dominance of Amazon (AMZN) has put pressure on many consumer products companies as Amazon has made a relentless push to lower prices. Recent struggles at Walmart (WMT) and Target (TGT) are also hurting Hasbro and Mattel. Walmart is the largest customer for Mattel and Hasbro, accounting for about 20% of total sales for each toy maker. Both toy companies get nearly 10% of their revenue from Target too. Related: The Hasbro-Mattel merger just don't die So what's next for Mattel and Hasbro? Investors are still hoping that Mattel's new CEO Margo Georgiadis, formerly an executive at Google (GOOGL), will be able to turn around the company with a greater focus on interactive toys. Time may be running out for both companies though, which is why there have been frequent rumors that Hasbro may buy Mattel. Investors have dreamed about a possible merger between the two companies since November, following a story in the Wall Street Journal that said Hasbro was going to make a bid. Reuters later reported that Mattel turned Hasbro's offer down. Takeover chatter resurfaced in late January. A spokesperson for Mattel told CNNMoney at the time that the company had no comment on the new speculation. Hasbro did not get back to CNNMoney. But as long as both companies continue to struggle, expect merger rumors to keep swirling. <N> Toys R Us prepares plan to liquidate its business 10:29 AM ET Wed, 14 March 2018 | 00:57 Toys R Us, the iconic U.S. retailer, is in the process of drafting the court motion for its liquidation plan, a source familiar with the situation told CNBC on Tuesday. The retailer could file as soon as the end of Wednesday, making the motion official. It will then begin to wind down the storied toy retailer, after more than half a century in business. A liquidation will most likely result in the closing of all of Toys R Us' 800 stores in the U.S. It will be a blow to the toy industry, which has relied on it for supplying row after row of toys and premium pricing. Toys R Us accounted for 15 to 20 percent of U.S. toy sales last year, according to Jefferies analyst Stephanie Wissink. <N> Shoppers should immediately use their Toys R Us gift cards. AP Toys R Us gift cards will expire on Saturday as the company prepares to close its more than 700 US stores. If shoppers don't use their gift cards by the expiration date, then the cards will lose their value. The toy chain's loyalty-based "rewards dollars" and "endless earnings" will also expire Saturday. Toys R Us is in the midst of liquidating its US business after an unsuccessful attempt to restructure the company through bankruptcy. Gift card holders are now among a vast group of creditors  including Toys R Us suppliers  that will be looking to get paid back through the liquidation process. "To say the vultures are circling is probably an understatement," Larry Perkins, the CEO and founder of the advisory firm SierraConstellation Partners, told Business Insider last month. "It's highly unlikely that there will be any meaningful piece of the business that remains," after a liquidation, he said. Shoppers often fail to recoup the money left on unused gift cards during retail bankruptcies. When Borders began liquidating its stores in July 2011, about 17.7 million gift cards were left outstanding. Several customers filed a lawsuit to recoup their losses, but a judge ruled that the gift cards worth an estimated $210.5 million  would not be refunded. Many expectant parents have already lost out out on their "endless earnings" rewards dollars. Toys R Us pays out endless earnings in the form of a gift card 12 weeks after parents' due dates. The company has already stopped issuing new gift cards, leaving many expectant parents empty-handed. More on Toys R Us' demise: <N> CLOSE Looking for going out of businesses deals? Got unused gift cards? Here's what shoppers need to know as Toys R Us shuts down its stores. USA TODAY In this Nov. 25, 2016, file photo, shoppers shop in a ToysRUs store on Black Friday in Miami. ToysRUs, the pioneering big box toy retailer, announced late on Sept. 18, 2017 it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection while continuing with normal business operations. (Photo: Alan Diaz, AP) Toys R Us gift cards are likely to become worthless within weeks. The best advice: Spend them immediately, if possible. Make haste because after the big-box icon of American retail said Thursday that it would close all of its U.S. stores, there's not much time left. The chain plans to honor gift cards for the next 30 days, Toys R Us spokesperson Taylor O'Donnell told USA TODAY on Thursday in an email. In bankruptcy, retailers technically don't have to honor gift cards at all. But most ask a bankruptcy court judge for permission to do so  at least for a while. Toys R Us has been honoring gift cards since it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September. But now that the company has filed to liquidate its U.S. operations, the end is near. Even if the chain had decided to honor gift cards until the bitter end, customers might not find anything worthwhile to spend them on after a few weeks of going-out-of-business sales. More: Toys R Us files for liquidation, likely spelling its end in the U.S. More: Toys R Us blames Amazon, Target, Walmart for death blow More: Toys R Us timeline: History of the nation's top toy chain After Toys R Us is gone, your gift card will be worth only the plastic it was made with. Unfortunately, some customers think gift cards last forever. After the 2011 liquidation of bookstore chain of bookstore chain Borders Group, a group of gift card owners fought for years in court to obtain the value of their assets. They lost. "Gift cards are, technically, unsecured debt of the bankrupt retailer and bankruptcy law gives them no special protection," said Melissa Jacoby, a bankruptcy law professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. CLOSE Toys 'R' Us Inc, the iconic toy retailer, will shutter or sell its stores in the United States after failing to find a buyer or reach a deal to restructure billions in debt, putting at risk about 30,000 jobs. Newslook One lawmaker is hoping Toys R Us will take the unusual step of redeeming gift cards for cash. U.S. Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer, D-New York, sent a letter Wednesday to the acting chairwoman of the Federal Trade Commission, asking her to act to ensure that consumers have time to use their existing gift cards. Ideally, consumers would be able to redeem the gift cards for cash, Schumer wrote. "I also ask the FTC to do what it can to ensure that Toys R Us is taking every possible step to honor its existing terms of service for its gift cards," Schumer wrote to Maureen Ohlhausen, the acting chair. "It is critical that consumers have a full opportunity to take advantage of their gift cards before the stores close." With Toys R Us going away, a group of liquidation firms will be responsible for selling off the rest of the chain's inventory. "Use those gift cards ASAP," the Better Business Bureau said on its website in advice for customers of bankrupt companies. "Businesses that have entered into the liquidation process will not be around for very long and BBB advises consumers who are holding gift cards spend them as soon as possible or risk getting stuck with a worthless piece of plastic." Contributing: Chris Woodyard, Jon Campbell Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey. CLOSE Take a trip back to your younger days with one of the nation's best-known retail chains. USA TODAY Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> MEDIA ADVISORY / ATTENTION MEDIA IN WASHINGTON DC Monument for our Kids 7,000 lives lost since Newtown shooting * WHERE: Southeast lawn of the Capitol, Washington DC * WHEN: March 13, Tuesday * TIME: from 8:30am to 2:00pm This Tuesday, Avaaz members will build a monument on the Capitol lawn for the children weve lost to guns with 7000 pairs of shoes, representing every childs life taken since the Newtown shooting. The event will begin at 8:30am in the South East Lawn of the Capital. Shoes from family members of victims as well celebrities and citizens across the country will be displayed from early morning. Just before the March for our Lives, Avaaz will bring the heartbreak of gun violence to Congress doorstep Guns kill over 1,300 American kids a year according to the CDC. The Parkland shooting was the 17th school shooting just this year. Within hours of the shooting Avaaz had Three Billboards driving around Senator Marco Rubios headquarters in Florida, demanding action. Ahead of the March for our Lives, this monument is bringing the heartbreak of gun violence directly to congress doorstep. USEFUL INFORMATION 1. Location: The installation will take place on the Southeast lawn of the Capitol (The House side), across the street from the Library of Congress. 2. Meeting point: We can meet at on First St SE between East Capitol Street & Independence Ave SE -- directly across the street from the Neptune Fountain at the Library of Congress. 3. Timeline: the activity will start at 08:30 am and it will last until 02:00 pm. In case cameras would like to take images of volunteers preparing the monument, our members will be in the location from 07:00 am. 4. Contact: to coordinate interviews or film the preparations for the installation, please email us to [email protected] . To receive the latest updates of this activity in real time, please text to +1-415-217-9392 (we will include you in a WhatsApp group) 5. Materials available in case youre not in Washington DC: link to images, statements, quotes and other relevant information will be available, please follow us on Twitter: _LINKS_ and email us in [email protected] Note for reporters: families of the victims will be available for interviews, please connect with us to coordinate via email and WhatsApp. For reference this is our campaign site: www.avaaz.org/neveragain Note for videographers: click here a look and feel on how the event would look like. Avaaz did something like this before, and it made headlines around the world. In Paris after the terrorist attacks stopped the big march ahead of a global climate summit, we pulled together a beautiful installation of shoes. Pope Francis, UN Secretary General Ban-Ki Moon, Marion Cotillard, along with thousands of others donated a pair of shoes in solidarity. <N> The Academy is launching a bold new research initiative to protect children from firearm injuries. Approaching these injuries as a public health epidemic, the Gun Safety and Injury Prevention Research Initiative will bring together experts from around the country to study and implement evidence-based interventions. The initiative is a call to action spurred by members who have been vocal about needing to do more to protect children. "On a daily basis, our members see firsthand the pain caused by firearms, whether by homicide, suicide or unintentional injuries," said AAP President Colleen A. Kraft, M.D., M.B.A., FAAP. "However, just like any other risk to children, a focus on prevention and education by pediatricians in clinical settings, coupled with strong public policy which reduces access to firearms, can have a measurable and lasting positive impact." Gunfire kills about 1,300 U.S. children and teenagers each year and injures nearly 5,800 more, according to a 2017 study from Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) researchers. While the CDC collects these data, an amendment to a 1996 bill prohibited the CDC from using public health money to advocate for or promote gun control. The amendment was not intended to end research into gun violence, but it effectively impeded it. Unencumbered by those restrictions, the Academy has been advocating for gun control measures for more than three decades. "Recent national tragedies like the school shootings in Newtown, Conn., and Parkland, Fla., magnify attention on the gun violence children experience every day in communities everywhere. It is time for new tools pediatricians can use to counsel families based on their culture, knowledge, beliefs and experience," said AAP CEO/Executive Vice President Karen Remley, M.D., M.B.A., M.P.H., FAAP. The initiative will consist of three overlapping phases: Expert summit  The Academy will convene a summit of experts to look at existing data on incidence and prevention of firearm injuries, identify gaps in evidence and knowledge, and produce a research agenda. Research  AAP research staff and clinical investigators will conduct efficient, rigorous studies. Dissemination, implementation and evaluation  The Academy will implement the resulting interventions in clinical and community settings and continuously evaluate their effectiveness. The AAP Board of Directors has approved initial funding of $500,000 from the Friends of Children and Tomorrow's Children Endowment funds. The Academy also will be fundraising and forming partnerships to support its efforts. "This initiative leverages what we as pediatricians do best: research, education, advocacy and ultimately having evidence-based conversations with families around gun safety and violence prevention in order to protect children," Dr. Remley said. Resources <N> The number of children killed by gunfire in the U.S. since the 2012 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, surpasses the total of American soldiers killed in overseas combat since 9/11, according to a Department of Defense report. The report accounts for total deaths in the five military operations since the war on terror began following the September 11, 2001 attacks through 10 a.m. EST Thursday, March 15. Over 17 years of combat, the U.S. has lost 6,929 soldiers. Including Department of Defense civilians killed overseas, that number grows to 6,950. In the five years and three months since the December 14, 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook in Newtown, Connecticut, when 20-year-old Adam Lanza killed 20 first graders and six adults with an AR-15-style rifle, about 7,000 children have died by gunfire. Though the exact figure is unclear, it rivals the tally of U.S. military deaths overseasin 11 fewer years. David McNew/Getty Images On Tuesday, a global activist group placed 7,000 pairs of empty shoes outside the Capitol buildingone pair for each child killed by a gun since Sandy Hook. The group, Avaaz, arrived at that figure based of an American Academy of Pediatrics report, which said about 1,300 children are killed by guns every year. Related: Kids and guns: Heres how easy it is for children to get their hands on a firearm At that rate, the number of children killed by guns since Newtown would be about 6,825. But an analysis by the fact-checking site Snopes of the the Center for Disease Control and Prevention datawhich the American Academy Pediatrics cited in its reportfound that this figure may be low. Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now According to Snopes, a review of deaths for children 17 or younger for years 2013 to 2016 (2017 was not yet available), found 5,683 firearms-related deaths, or an average of 1,421 per year. Extrapolated over the five-year and three-month period, the tally is about 7,460, Snopes found. <N> Total Deaths KIA Non-Hostile Pending WIA OIF U. S. Military Casualties 3,481 930 0 OIF U.S. DoD Civilian Casualties 13 9 4 0 Total Deaths KIA Non-Hostile Pending WIA OND U.S. Military Casualties 38 35 0 OND U.S. DoD Civilian Casualties 0 0 0 0 OEF U.S. Military Casualties Total Deaths KIA Non-Hostile Pending WIA Afghanistan Only*** 2,216 1,833 383 0 20,050 Other Locations**** 130 11 119 0 45 OEF U.S. DoD Civilian Casualties 4 2 2 0 Worldwide Total 2,350 1,846 504 0 20,095 Total Deaths KIA Non-Hostile Pending WIA OIR U.S. Military Casualties 13 46 0 OIR U.S. DoD Civilian Casualties 2 0 2 0 Total Deaths KIA Non-Hostile Pending WIA OFS U.S. Military Casualties 31 16 0 OFS U.S. DoD Civilian Casualties 2 2 0 0 FATALITIES AS OF: March 23, 2018, 10 a.m. EDT *** OPERATION ENDURING FREEDOM (Afghanistan only), includes casualties that occurred between October 7, 2001, and December 31, 2014, in Afghanistan only. **** OPERATION ENDURING FREEDOM (Other Locations), includes casualties that occurred between October 7, 2001, and December 31, 2014, in Guantanamo Bay (Cuba), Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Jordan, Kenya, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Philippines, Seychelles, Sudan, Tajikistan, Turkey, Uzbekistan, and Yemen. WIA cases in this category include those without a casualty country listed. OPERATION ENDURING FREEDOM (OEF) U.S. CASUALTY STATUS FATALITIES AS OF: March 23, 2018, 10 a.m. EDT * OPERATION IRAQI FREEDOM includes casualties that occurred between March 19, 2003, and August 31, 2010, in the Arabian Sea, Bahrain, Gulf of Aden, Gulf of Oman, Iraq, Kuwait, Oman, Persian Gulf, Qatar, Red Sea, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates. Prior to March 19, 2003, casualties in these countries were considered OEF. Personnel injured in OIF who die after 1 September 2010 will be included in OIF statistics. ** OPERATION NEW DAWN includes casualties that occurred between September 1, 2010, and December 31, 2011, in the Arabian Sea, Bahrain, Gulf of Aden, Gulf of Oman, Iraq, Kuwait, Oman, Persian Gulf, Qatar, Red Sea, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates. Personnel injured in OND who die after 31 December 2011 will be included in OND statistics. 73 Totals 73 38 35 295 0 OPERATION IRAQI FREEDOM (OIF) U.S. CASUALTY STATUS * FATALITIES AS OF: March 23, 2018, 10 a.m. EDT 31,957 OPERATION NEW DAWN (OND) U.S. CASUALTY STATUS ** 31,957 4,411 Totals 4,424 3,490 934 0 295 OPERATION INHERENT RESOLVE (OIR) U.S. CASUALTY STATUS ***** FATALITIES AS OF: March 23, 2018, 10 a.m. EDT 59 58 58 Totals 61 13 48 0 OPERATION FREEDOM'S SENTINEL (OFS) U.S. CASUALTY STATUS ****** FATALITIES AS OF: March 23, 2018, 10 a.m. EDT 47 239 239 ****** OPERATION FREEDOM'S SENTINEL includes casualties that occurred in Afghanistan. Totals 49 33 16 0 ***** OPERATION INHERENT RESOLVE includes casualties that occurred in Bahrain, Cyprus, Egypt, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, the <N> EMBED >More News Videos A McDonald's in Lynwood flipped its iconic golden arches, changing the M to a W for International Women's Day. If you drove by the McDonald's in Lynwood Wednesday morning, you may have done a double take because the fast food restaurant's iconic golden arches were flipped upside down.McDonald's said in a statement that the move was in honor of International Women's Day, which is celebrated on March 8."Today - and every day - McDonald's recognizes the extraordinary contribution of women," McDonald's said in a statement. "We have a long history of supporting women in the workplace, giving them the opportunity to grow and succeed. In the U.S. we take pride in our diversity and we are proud to share that today, 6 out of 10 restaurant managers are women."The Lynwood location is the only location where the front sign has been flipped, but the 100 other restaurants owned by female operators across the country are participating. McDonald's customers will also see the flipped logo on packaging, crew shirts and hats and bag stuffers. <N> 1.5k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY President Donald Trumps policies mark a new era of human rights regression, the head of Amnesty International announced in Washington, D.C. this morning, where the non-profit group that tracks the state of human rights in the world released its annual report. Salil Sheety, who has been the groups Secretary General since 2010, accused Trump of hateful politics and being a threat to human rights across the globe. President Trump takes actions that violate human rights at home and abroad, the group reports. He put Trump in the same group as the barbaric leaders of Egypt, the Philippines, Venezuela, Russia and China who Sheety said, are callously undermining the rights of millions. Donald Trumps politics may have marked a new era of human rights regression but they are not unique, said Shetty. The specters of hatred and fear now loom large in world affairs, he continued, and we have few governments standing up for human rights in these disturbing times. Add your name to millions demanding Congress take action on the Presidents crimes. IMPEACH TRUMP & PENCE! Along with Trumps treatment of womens rights, LGBTQ rights and his politics that were discriminatory or otherwise contradicted international human rights principles, Shetty singled out Trumps travel bans aimed at Muslim-majority countries as a transparently hateful move. Shetty added that the bans, some which have survived court challenges, set the scene for a year in which leaders took the politics of hate to its most dangerous conclusion. The report also cites Trumps views on immigration and immigrants as examples of these hateful new policies. Those include his plan to build a wall along the US-Mexico border, increased detention of asylum seekers and their families, increased immigration and customs enforcement, penalties against sanctuary cities and prioritized deportation of migrants. The report also sheds light on human rights abuses such as the termination of the Central American Minors program last August, which had allowed those under 21 to flee violence in Central America if their parents already had achieved legal status in the U.S. It notes that more than 17,000 unaccompanied children and 26,000 people who were caught illegally enting the U.S. at the Mexican border between January and August were detained for months, many without proper access to medical care and legal counsel. The report notes that since September the Trump administration has worked to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, placing 800,000 individuals brought to the U.S. as children at risk of being deported. Trump then worked to stop the passage of the Dream Act to allow those who had DACA status to meet requirements to maintain their eligibility and get full legal status. The report also cites Trumps efforts against womens rights which it reports were broad and multi-faceted. President Trumps administration, continues the report, overturned politics that required universities to investigate sexual violence as gender discrimination and suspended equal pay initiatives that had helped women identify whether they were being paid less than male colleagues. Attacks on womens reproductive rights were particularly virulent, states the report. That includes attacks on funding for Planned Parenthood, a government issued rules exempting employers from promotion health insurance coverage for contraception, and the introduction of the global gag rule which prohibits financial assistance to any hospital or organization that provides information about safe, legal abortions. The rights of gay people were also reduced, marginalized or eliminated in many cases under Trump. The report, in particular, cites the marginalization of transgender people, including the elimination of guidelines that protected them in school, gave them access to public facilities and Trumps effort to ban them from the military. The group also raises a red flag about Trumps treatment of both domestic and foreign nationals accused of terrorism crimes, charging that the president flouted the presumption of innocence in a series of posts on Twitter in which he called for the death penalty. Trump also ended impunity for the systematic human rights violations of detainees at the prison in Guantanamo and elsewhere, and opened the door to a renewal of torture methods that had been banned under President Obama and the renewal of secret detention programs by the CIA. The report also points out that programs to stop mistreatment of minorities in the U.S. were rolled back, as the number of killings by law enforcement rose. African Americans  who comprised 13 percent of the population  represented nearly 23 percent of victims in 2017, states the report. The mistreatment of the mentally ill, the use of non-lethal weapons by police that turns out to actually be very lethal and the rise in gun violence and mass murders are all detailed in the new report, while funding for government studies of how to deal with gun violence was lowed or killed off. The use of the death penalty also rose in the U.S. under Trump, with more states executing prisoners than had happened in years. During the year, notes the report, four inmates were exonerated of the crimes for which they were originally sentenced to death in the states of Delaware, Florida, Arkansas, and Louisiana, bringing to 160 the number of such cases since 1973, The report criticizes what it termed the feeble response by world leaders like Trump to human rights issues, and what it called the willingness to tout fake news in order to manipulate public opinion. This was also the year that Trump changed Americas foreign policy to eliminate human rights as a factor in relationships with other countries. In fact, we saw Trump embrace, meet with and praise many dictators and authoritarians who abused the democratic system to stay in power while damaging relationships with longtime allies who are true democracies and do work to provide human rights to all. Through changes in trade politics, refusal to keep commitments to address the global climate crisis and in other ways, Trump embraced big business at the expense of individual citizens. This 400-page report from Amnesty International details much of this horror story, which unfortunately continues to grow worse by the day, week, month and year under Trump. Add your name to millions demanding Congress take action on the Presidents crimes. IMPEACH TRUMP & PENCE! <N> The world is reaping the terrifying consequences of hate-filled rhetoric that threatens to normalize massive discrimination against marginalized groups, Amnesty International warned today as it launched its annual assessment of human rights. Last year our world was immersed in crises, with prominent leaders offering us a nightmarish vision of a society blinded by hatred and fear. This emboldened those who promote bigotry, but it inspired far more people to campaign for a more hopeful future. Salil Shetty, Secretary General of Amnesty International Share this Twitter Facebook Email Nevertheless, the organization found that a growing movement of both first-time and seasoned activists campaigning for social justice provides real hope of reversing the slide towards oppression. The report, The State of the Worlds Human Rights, covers 159 countries and delivers the most comprehensive analysis of the state of human rights in the world today. The transparently hateful move by the US government in January to ban entry to people from several Muslim-majority countries set the scene for a year in which leaders took the politics of hate to its most dangerous conclusion, said Salil Shetty, Secretary General of Amnesty International. We saw the ultimate consequence of a society encouraged to hate, scapegoat and fear minorities laid bare in the horrific military campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya people in Myanmar, said Salil Shetty. World leaders abandon human rights, igniting protest movements globally The specters of hatred and fear now loom large in world affairs, and we have few governments standing up for human rights in these disturbing times. Instead, leaders such as al-Sisi, Duterte, Maduro, Putin, Trump and Xi are callously undermining the rights of millions, said Salil Shetty. The feeble response to crimes against humanity and war crimes from Myanmar to Iraq, South Sudan, Syria and Yemen underscored the lack of leadership on human rights. Governments are shamelessly turning the clock back on decades of hard-won protections. Signs of regression cited in the report include clampdowns on rights to protest in France, and attempts to roll back womens rights from the USA to Russia and Poland. With the report launching in Washington D.C., Amnesty International warned that President Trumps backward steps on human rights are setting a dangerous precedent for other governments to follow. Defenders of human rights around the world can look to the people of the United States to stand with them, even where the US government has failed. As President Trump takes actions that violate human rights at home and abroad, activists from across the country remind us that the fight for universal human rights has always been waged and won by people in their communities, said Margaret Huang, executive director of Amnesty International USA. Regressive policies have inspired many people to join long-standing struggles, and the report details many important victories that human rights activists helped to secure. These include lifting the total abortion ban in Chile, achieving a step towards marriage equality in Taiwan and securing a landmark victory against forced evictions in Abuja, Nigeria. A vast Womens March centered on the USA and with offshoots around the world showcased the growing influence of new social movements, as did the #MeToo phenomenon and Latin Americas Ni Una Menos  which denounced violence against women and girls. The indomitable spirit of the women leading powerful human rights movements reminds us that the desire for equality, dignity and justice will never be extinguished. There is a palpable sense that protest movements are on the rise globally. If governments stand against such movements, they will erode their legitimacy, said Salil Shetty. Free speech takes on colossal importance in the renewed battle for human rights Governments think they can declare open season on human rights activists. They may shut down our newspapers, undermine judges and jail activists, but we refuse to be silenced. Salil Shetty Share this Twitter Facebook Email The willingness of prominent leaders to tout fake news in order to manipulate public opinion, coupled with attacks on institutions that act as checks on power, show that free speech will be a key battle-ground for human rights this year, said Amnesty International. In 2018, we cannot take for granted that we will be free to gather together in protest or to criticize our governments. In fact, speaking out is becoming more dangerous, said Salil Shetty. Hundreds of activists were killed last year as authorities sought to silence campaigners and muzzle the media, the report said. The biggest jailors of journalists were Turkey, Egypt and China  where Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo died after being imprisoned for criticizing the government. With governments shamelessly pursuing human rights activists, Amnesty International faced threats to its work in Hungary as well as the unprecedented arrests of its staff in Turkey. Governments think they can declare open season on human rights activists. They may shut down our newspapers, undermine judges and jail activists, but we refuse to be silenced. If the legendary Chinese activist Liu Xiaobo taught us anything, it is that we must speak truth to power precisely when it seems impossible to do so, said Salil Shetty. Hate on the march as people targeted for their identity The report emphasized the need for people to continue to speak out against the kind of hate-filled rhetoric seen in xenophobic slogans at a nationalist march in Warsaw, Poland, a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, USA, and sweeping crackdowns on LGBTI communities from Chechnya to Egypt. This was underscored by the vilification of refugees and migrants from the very highest levels of government. While the Trump administration made headlines for its anti-refugee rhetoric, the report says they were not alone in pursuing xenophobic policies. Donald Trumps policies may have marked a new era of human rights regression but they are not unique. If you look across from Australia to Hungary, leaders have long treated refugees and migrants as problems to be deflected, not as human beings with rights who deserve our compassion, said Salil Shetty. Governments must address the burning injustices fueling protest movements The report also notes that millions of people worldwide are facing increasingly precarious access to basic goods and services such as housing, food and health care. Amnesty International warned that unless governments tackle the underlying causes of poverty and inequality then there is huge potential for even greater unrest. Across the world people are being forced to live an intolerable existence because they are being denied access to adequate food, clean water, health care and basic shelter. If you take away these human rights, you breed despair with no limit or end. From Venezuela to Iran, we are witnessing the formidable spread of social discontent, warned Salil Shetty. Instead of trying to silence people when they speak out, governments should address their concerns, said Amnesty International, and start by loosening restrictions on the media, civil society and other key checks on power. We are witnessing history in the making as people rise up and demand justice in greater numbers. If leaders fail to discern what is driving their people to protest, then this ultimately will be their own undoing. People have made it abundantly clear that they want human rights: the onus now is on governments to show that they are listening, said Salil Shetty. <N> The National Rifle Association has unveiled its recommendations for placing at least one armed guard inside every school campus in the country in proposals that were immediately denounced by gun control advocates as radical and dangerous. America's most activist gun rights lobby group presented in Washington what it claimed was an "independent" review of school safety standards headed by a former Republican congressman from Arkansas, Asa Hutchinson. The core recommendation of the 225-page report is that school personnel carrying firearms should be placed not only within every school but within every campus in every school. Hutchinson said that the presence of armed school personnel would cut down the time needed to intercept an active shooter present inside school premises. "One thing you know for sure is that the response time is critical - if you can reduce that response time, if you have the firearm on the presence of someone in the school, it will save lives." The NRA's school shield report puts flesh on the bone of an idea first raised by Wayne LaPierre, the pugnacious executive vice-president of the lobby group, who made posting armed guards in all schools the centerpiece of his response to the Newtown school shooting in December. His memorable comment on school safety was that "the only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun". The NRA's new list of recommendations include changing local state and district laws to allow school personnel to carry guns  the report even has appended a model state law that would do so. It calls on federal funding to be used to encourage the take up of armed school guards and their training, which would involve between 40 to 60 hours of induction into the use of weapons  with the NRA offering its services as a training institution. Hutchinson said that a range of guns could be deployed by the new armed school personnel, from handguns, to shotguns and even AR-15s, the semi-automatic assault rifles of the type used by the Newtown shooter with such devastating effect. The proposals were instantly decried by groups advocating greater restrictions on the availability and movement of guns. Josh Horwitz, executive director of the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence, said that the NRA was the "last organisation in the world that you want meddling in schools and telling them what they should or should not do". Horwitz said that 40 to 60 hours of training was inadequate and that without permanent ongoing training the stationing of armed personnel in schools could be extremely dangerous. "The most important skill is knowing when not to shoot, and that requires ongoing training." He added: "If the NRA was really serious about school safety they would work to reduce the number of assault weapons, high-capacity magazines and number of people out there who shouldn't be carrying guns at all." The American Civil Liberties Union said the proposals would militarize schools. "The proposal includes potentially radical elements, including getting the federal government in the business of supplying arms to teachers, without any evidence that doing so would make children safer," said the group's Laura Murphy. In the three months since the 14 December shooting at Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, the NRA has been lobbying vociferously against President Obama's attempt to tighten gun controls. Its rigorous networking of Congress members  critics say bullying  has already helped to derail proposals for a renewed ban on assault rifles and put in peril the key reform of an extension of FBI monitoring to include all gun sales. The schools plan is the sugar coating to the NRA's tough tactics, designed to show the organisation in a more positive light and to rebuff accusations that it is dedicated to blocking reasonable reforms that would make America safer. It was significant that the schools report was presented by Hutchinson, a former Republican congressman for Arkansas, and not by the more garrulous LaPierre. During the presentation, the NRA called on a "special guest speaker", Mark Mattioli who lost his six-year-old son, James, in the Newtown shooting. "Politics needs to be set aside here, I hope this doesn't lead to more name calling. These are recommendations for real solutions that will make our kids safer," Mattioli said. The shock of the Newtown shooting, in which 20 young children and six school staff were killed by a shooter wielding a military-style assault rifle, continues to make political waves across the country. But the impact is being made manifest in vastly contradictory ways. In Connecticut, the state in which the Sandy Hook tragedy took place, the state assembly is preparing to vote tomorrow on what is seen as the most comprehensive package of gun controls in the country. The measures, which are likely easily to pass both houses, include background checks on all gun sales backed up by new eligibility certificates required for any purchase of weapons or ammunition, and new restrictions on dealing in assault rifles. By contrast, the assembly in Alabama was poised to debate a new bill that would create a virtual free-for-all for gun owners in the state. The proposal that was set to be introduced to the senate floor on Tuesday would allow guns to be carried in private cars without a concealed carry permit and remove a prohibition on bringing firearms to public demonstrations. <N> May 1, 1999 1999-05-02T14:30:51-04:00 _LINKS_ Mr. Heston called the meeting to order noting that the meeting had been scaled back following school shootings in a suburb of Denver. He said that the National Rifle Association had every right to continue with its meeting despite calls from Denvers mayor to cancel the meeting. Participants discussed the school shootings and the use of guns in the commission of crimes, calling for tougher enforcement of existing laws rather than further restrictions on firearms. Mr. Heston called the meeting to order noting that the meeting had been scaled back following school shootings in a suburb of Denver. He said read more <N> New York City plans to sue the firearms industry today, charging it with creating a public nuisance by selling products that end up being used in crimes, officials said Monday. New York's lawsuit, which would add the largest city in the United States to the list of 30 cities and counties that have sued gun makers, is expected to be filed in federal court today, a city lawyer said. New York's lawsuit will say the firearms industry's selling practices create a public nuisance by allowing guns to be sold in an illegitimate secondary market where they fall into the hands of criminals. "We're also saying that they have failed or refuse to design safer guns and that they have created a wall of deniability by avoiding monitoring the downstream path of their product," said Lorna Goodman, a senior attorney for the city's Corporation Counsel. <N> View Public Papers by Month and Year Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Year 1789 1790 1791 1792 1793 1794 1795 1796 1797 1798 1799 1800 1801 1802 1803 1804 1805 1806 1807 1808 1809 1810 1811 1812 1813 1814 1815 1816 1817 1818 1819 1820 1821 1822 1823 1824 1825 1826 1827 1828 1829 1830 1831 1832 1833 1834 1835 1836 1837 1838 1839 1840 1841 1842 1843 1844 1845 1846 1847 1848 1849 1850 1851 1852 1853 1854 1855 1856 1857 1858 1859 1860 1861 1862 1863 1864 1865 1866 1867 1868 1869 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1881 1882 1883 1884 1885 1886 1887 1888 1889 1890 1891 1892 1893 1894 1895 1896 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 INCLUDE documents from the Office of the Press Secretary INCLUDE election campaign documents, vice presidential documents, first lady, and other executive branch officals Search the Entire Document Archive Enter keyword: AND OR NOT Limit by Year From: 1789 1790 1791 1792 1793 1794 1795 1796 1797 1798 1799 1800 1801 1802 1803 1804 1805 1806 1807 1808 1809 1810 1811 1812 1813 1814 1815 1816 1817 1818 1819 1820 1821 1822 1823 1824 1825 1826 1827 1828 1829 1830 1831 1832 1833 1834 1835 1836 1837 1838 1839 1840 1841 1842 1843 1844 1845 1846 1847 1848 1849 1850 1851 1852 1853 1854 1855 1856 1857 1858 1859 1860 1861 1862 1863 1864 1865 1866 1867 1868 1869 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1881 1882 1883 1884 1885 1886 1887 1888 1889 1890 1891 1892 1893 1894 1895 1896 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 To : 1789 1790 1791 1792 1793 1794 1795 1796 1797 1798 1799 1800 1801 1802 1803 1804 1805 1806 1807 1808 1809 1810 1811 1812 1813 1814 1815 1816 1817 1818 1819 1820 1821 1822 1823 1824 1825 1826 1827 1828 1829 1830 1831 1832 1833 1834 1835 1836 1837 1838 1839 1840 1841 1842 1843 1844 1845 1846 1847 1848 1849 1850 1851 1852 1853 1854 1855 1856 1857 1858 1859 1860 1861 1862 1863 1864 1865 1866 1867 1868 1869 1870 1871 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1881 1882 1883 1884 1885 1886 1887 1888 1889 1890 1891 1892 1893 1894 1895 1896 1897 1898 1899 1900 1901 1902 1903 1904 1905 1906 1907 1908 1909 1910 1911 1912 1913 1914 1915 1916 1917 1918 1919 1920 1921 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979 1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Limit results per page 10 20 30 40 50 INCLUDE documents from the Office of the Press Secretary INCLUDE election campaign documents, vice presidential documents, first lady, and other executive branch officals Instructions You can search the Public Papers in two ways: 1. Search by Keyword and Year You can search by keyword and choose the range of years within your search by filling out the boxes under Search the Public Papers. 2. View by Month and/or Year Select the month and/or year you would like information about and press View Public Papers. Then choose a Public Paper and the page will load for you. <N> FACT CHECK: Are Gun-Makers 'Totally Free Of Liability For Their Behavior'? Enlarge this image toggle caption Darren McCollester/Getty Images Darren McCollester/Getty Images We want to cut through the spin with a new feature we're calling "Break It Down." Break It Down is going to be a regular part of our campaign coverage. We're going to try some new things. It might read a little differently from time to time. But our goal is to zoom in on what the candidates are saying, and give you the factual breakdown you need to make a sound judgment. Hillary Clinton seemed to be barely holding back tears at a town hall in New Hampshire on Monday. Speaking in the aftermath of another tragic mass shooting, this time at an Oregon community college, the Democratic presidential candidate pitched her gun control proposals. In the middle of her remarks, she made a big claim: She said that gun-makers and sellers are "the only business in America that is totally free of liability for their behavior." We decided to see what she was talking about  and whether she's right. Let's Break It Down. The Claim: "So far as I know, the gun industry and gun sellers are the only business in America that is totally free of liability for their behavior. Nobody else is given that immunity. And that just illustrates the extremism that has taken over this debate." The Big Question: Is Clinton right that the gun industry enjoys legal protections that other industries don't? The Long Answer: Clinton is wrong that gun companies have zero liability for their goods, but they do have special legal protections against liability that very few other industries enjoy. To see what she's getting at, you have to back up 10 years. Clinton is talking about a 2005 law called the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act, or PLCAA  a law she wants to repeal as part of her gun control proposals. Lawmakers passed that law in response to a spate of lawsuits that cities filed against the gun industry in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Those lawsuits often claimed gun-makers or sellers were engaging in "negligent marketing" or creating a "public nuisance." In 2000, for example, New York City joined 30 counties and cities in suing gun manufacturers, saying manufacturers should have been making their products safer and also better tracking where their products were sold. Manufacturers, one argument at the time went, should stop supplying stores that sell a lot of guns that end up being used in crimes. In response to these lawsuits, the NRA pushed for the law, which passed in 2005 with support from both Republicans and Democrats. Then-Sen. Clinton voted against it; her current Democratic opponent, Bernie Sanders, voted for it. The law, however, allows for specific cases in which dealers and manufacturers can be held responsible. So that makes Clinton's statement technically incorrect. "[Clinton's statement] doesn't appear to be completely accurate," said Adam Winkler, professor of law at UCLA and author of Gunfight: The Battle Over the Right to Bear Arms in America, in an email to NPR. "The 2005 law does not prevent gun makers from being held liable for defects in their design. Like car makers, gun makers can be sued for selling a defective product. The problem is that gun violence victims often want to hold gun makers liable for the criminal misuse of a properly functioning product." In other words: If you aim and fire a gun at an attacker, it's doing what it was intended to do. If it explodes while you shoot and hurts you, though, then you can sue the manufacturer. Likewise, if you had told the gun-store owner you planned to commit a crime with that gun, your victim could potentially sue. However, Clinton "is not totally off base," said John Goldberg, a professor at Harvard Law School and specialist in tort law. He said Congress was particularly "aggressive" in granting the gun industry this legal shield. "Congress has rarely acted to bar the adoption by courts of particular theories of liability against a particular class of potential defendants, especially when that form of liability has not yet been recognized by the courts," he said. At the time that the law passed, the NRA argued that the industry needed the protection, because  unlike carmakers, for example  it did not have the "deep pockets" necessary to fight a slew of lawsuits, as the New York Times reported. Gun-rights advocates have also argued that suing a gun company for crimes committed with its products is akin to suing a car company for drunken-driving fatalities. But the issues at hand are more complex, say some legal scholars. "It's more like  are you a bartender and do you keep on pouring drinks for someone?" as Fordham University law professor Saul Cornell told NPR. That might be a better way to think about whether manufacturers shouldn't supply certain stores, he says. For an example of how this plays out, look at Adames v. Beretta. In this case, a 13-year-old boy removed the clip from his father's Beretta handgun, believing that made the gun safe, and then accidentally shot his 13-year-old friend. The victim's family sued Beretta, saying the company could have made the pistol safer and provided more warnings, according to SCOTUSBlog. Citing the PLCAA, the Illinois Supreme Court dismissed Adames' claims, and the U.S. Supreme Court ultimately refused to hear the case. Victims of gun crimes like the Adames family may or may not have good cases, but PLCAA opponents say plaintiffs should at least be heard in court. The Broader Context: Clinton wants to repeal PLCAA as part of her broader gun control agenda, which also includes proposals to close the "gun-show loophole" and prevent domestic abusers from obtaining guns. The law is one of several recent NRA legislative victories that gun control advocates would like to roll back. Recent laws have also stopped Centers for Disease Control and Prevention research on firearms, and they've also stopped researchers from accessing gun trace information, as NPR's Carrie Johnson has reported. Gun-rights advocates say withholding that trace information is about maintaining gun owners' privacy. At first glance, taking a stand one way or the other on gun control means alienating a big chunk of voters. Democrats have steadily, overwhelmingly, favored gun control over the years, while Republicans have grown increasingly in favor of gun rights in the past decade or so, according to the Pew Research Center. But then again, getting specific on gun policy might be good for Clinton in two ways. One is that it could endear her to pro-gun-control Democrats (this is one of the few areas where she is to the left of Sanders, her closest Democratic competition), particularly as calls for tougher gun control have grown louder after a long string of mass shootings. Two, research has also shown that while Americans tend to be in favor of "gun rights" broadly, they also tend to favor specific potential gun control regulations, like background checks or assault weapon bans. The Short Answer: Clinton is wrong that gun manufacturers have no liability for their products, but she's right that they have unique protections from lawsuits that most other businesses  and particularly consumer product-makers  do not. Sources: <N> PARKLAND, Fla.  A heavily armed young man barged into his former high school about an hour northwest of Miami on Wednesday, opening fire on terrified students and teachers and leaving a death toll of 17 that could rise even higher, the authorities said. Students huddled in horror in their classrooms, with some of them training their cellphones on the carnage, capturing sprawled bodies, screams and gunfire that began with a few shots and then continued with more and more. The dead included students and adults, some of whom were shot outside the school and others inside the sprawling three-story building. The gunman, armed with a semiautomatic AR-15 rifle, was identified as Nikolas Cruz, a 19-year-old who had been expelled from the school, the authorities said. He began his shooting rampage outside Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in this suburban neighborhood shortly before dismissal time around 2:40 p.m. He then made his way inside and proceeded down hallways he knew well, firing at students and teachers who were scurrying for cover, the authorities said. Oh my God! Oh my God! one student yelled over and over in one video circulating on social media, as more than 40 gunshots boomed in the background. <N> Looking for news you can trust? Subscribe to our free newsletters. President Donald Trump on Thursday suggested there were so many signs that the suspected shooter in the deadly shooting at a Parkland, Florida, high school who killed at least 17 people Wednesday afternoon was mentally disturbed. The tweet, which followed a brief message offering his condolences to the victims of the worst school shooting since Sandy Hook, echoed Trumps past remarks citing mental health issuesnot a lack of gun control legislationfor being responsible for mass shootings in America. So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2018 Its unclear if Trump will publicly address the country on the Florida shooting, but his public schedule for Thursday indicates he only has one meeting, which will be closed to the press. The New York Times Maggie Haberman reported Wednesday night that White House aides urged Trump to say something in the wake of the shooting, but he is so far refusing to do so. Authorities have identified 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz as the suspected gunman, saying he had recently been expelled from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School for disciplinary issues. School officials reportedly identified Cruz as a potential threat who had demonstrated a fixation on guns. Almost exactly a year ago, Trump signed a law to revoke an Obama-era gun regulation that made it more difficult for those with mental illnesses to acquire guns. Media was not allowed to attend the bill-signing event. This post has been updated. <N> WASHINGTON   Congress on Wednesday sent President Donald Trump legislation blocking an Obama-era rule designed to keep guns out of the hands of certain mentally disabled people. On a vote of 57-43, the Senate backed the resolution, just one of several early steps by the Republican-led Congress to undo regulations implemented by former President Barack Obama. The House had passed the measure earlier this year. The White House has signaled Trump will sign the legislation. The Obama rule would have prevented an estimated 75,000 people with mental disorders from being able to purchase a firearm. It was crafted as part of Obama's efforts to strengthen the federal background check system in the wake of the 2012 massacre of 20 young students and six staff at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. Adam Lanza, a 20-year-old man with a variety of impairments, including Asperger's syndrome and obsessive-compulsive disorder, shot and killed his mother at their home, then went to school where he killed the students, adults and himself. He used his mother's guns in the attack. The Obama administration rule required the Social Security Administration to send in the names of beneficiaries with mental impairments who also have a third party manage their benefits. But lawmakers, with the backing of the National Rifle Association and advocacy groups for the disabled, opposed the regulation and encouraged Congress to undertake a rarely successful parliamentary tool designed to void regulations that Congress takes issue with. With a Republican ally in the White House, the GOP has moved aggressively on several fronts to rescind some of the Obama administration's final regulations on the environment, financial reporting and now guns. Under an expedited process established through the Congressional Review Act, a regulation is made invalid when a simple majority of both chambers pass a joint resolution of disapproval and the president signs it. The House also voted to repeal three Labor Department regulations Wednesday, including a rule that established when states could require drug testing for certain laid-off workers seeking unemployment insurance. Critics seeking the repeal said the department crafted the regulation so narrowly that it undermined congressional intent to give states more leeway to use drug testing in their unemployment insurance programs. On the gun rule, Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, spearheaded the repeal effort, saying the regulation unfairly stigmatizes the disabled and infringes on their constitutional right to bear arms. He said that the mental disorders covered through the regulation are filled with "vague characteristics that do not fit into the federal mentally defective standard" prohibiting someone from buying or owning a gun. Grassley cited eating and sleep disorders as examples of illnesses that could allow a beneficiary to be reported to the background check system if they also have a third party to manage their benefits. Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., said he didn't know how he could explain to his constituents, including those in Newtown, that Congress was making it easier rather than harder for people with serious mental illness to have a gun. "If you can't manage your own financial affairs, how can we expect that you're going to be a responsible steward of a dangerous, lethal firearm," Murphy said. Gun rights groups weren't the only organizations upset about the Obama administration's regulation. The American Civil Liberties Union criticized it, too. The ACLU said the rule advanced a harmful stereotype that people with mental disabilities, "a vast and diverse group of citizens, are violent." More than a dozen advocacy groups for the disabled also opposed the Obama administration's regulation. "This heartless resolution puts the most vulnerable Americans at risk," countered Dan Gross, president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. "Make no mistake, this vote was really about deepening the gun industry's customer pool, at the expense of those in danger of hurting themselves or others." On the labor rule, Mississippi, Wisconsin and Texas are among the states seeking more flexibility in using drug tests in their unemployment insurance programs. Republicans complained that the Obama administration regulation undercut that flexibility  and congressional intent. "I am pretty certain that the people who I am privileged to represent would be very upset if they thought somebody was receiving unemployment compensation while they were on drugs, because they think that is going to make it pretty hard for that person to ever get back into the workforce, and they want to be able to identify that," said Rep. Tom Cole, R-Okla. Democrats argued that Republicans were simply enabling states to intimidate people from seeking unemployment benefits. "The legislation that we are debating today has nothing to do with fighting drug abuse," said Rep. Richard Neal, D-Mass. "It's about allowing states to put one more time-consuming, humiliating obstacle in the way of Americans who work hard, and were laid off from their jobs and need unemployment insurance to pay the bills while they look for new jobs." <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. President Donald Trump quietly signed a bill into law Tuesday rolling back an Obama-era regulation that made it harder for people with mental illnesses to purchase a gun. The rule, which was finalized in December, added people receiving Social Security checks for mental illnesses and people deemed unfit to handle their own financial affairs to the national background check database. Had the rule fully taken effect, the Obama administration predicted it would have added about 75,000 names to that database. President Barack Obama recommended the now-nullified regulation in a 2013 memo following the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, which left 20 first graders and six others dead. The measure sought to block some people with severe mental health problems from buying guns. Related: Assault Weapons Not Protected by Second Amendment, Federal Appeals Court Rules The original rule was hotly contested by gun rights advocates who said it infringed on Americans Second Amendment rights. Gun control advocates, however, praised the rule for curbing the availability of firearms to those who may not use them with the right intentions. Both the House and Senate last week passed the new bill, H.J. Res 40, revoking the Obama-era regulation. Trump signed the bill into law without a photo op or fanfare. The president welcomed cameras into the oval office Tuesday for the signing of other executive orders and bills. News that the president signed the bill was tucked at the bottom of a White House email alerting press to other legislation signed by the president. The National Rifle Association applauded Trumps action. Chris Cox, NRA-ILA executive director, said the move marks a new era for law-abiding gun owners, as we now have a president who respects and supports our arms. Everytown For Gun Safety President John Feinblatt said he expected more gun control rollbacks from the Trump administration. In a statement to NBC News, he called the action "just the first item on the gun lobbys wish list" and accused the National Rifle Association of "pushing more guns, for more people, in more places." Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., a leading gun control advocate in Congress, called out Republicans over the move. "Republicans always say we dont need new gun laws, we just need to enforce the laws already on the books. But the bill signed into law today undermines enforcement of existing laws that Congress passed to make sure the background check system had complete information," he said in an emailed statement. <N> Please enable Javascript to watch this video WEST HAVEN, Utah -- When Natalie Richards sixth-grade daughter told her she couldnt say no if a boy asked her to dance at Kanesville Elementarys Valentines Day dance, she didnt believe it at first. Oh no, no honey," Richard said of her reply. "You guys are misunderstanding again. Thats not how it is." However, after speaking to her daughters teacher, she realized the statement was accurate. The teacher said she cant. She has to say yes. She has to accept and I said, 'Excuse me, Richard tells Fox 13. Richard took her concerns to the school principal. He basically just said theyve had this dance set up this way for a long time and theyve never had any concern before, she said of his response. Lane Findlay with the Weber School District confirms its a rule, but he said its meant to teach students how to be inclusive. Please be respectful, be polite," Findlay said. "We want to promote kindness, and so we want you to say yes when someone asks you to dance." I do see it from their perspective when it comes to that, but there are many other ways to teach children how to be accepting than with a social dance, Richard counters. Richard says forcing students not to say no teaches them the wrong lesson. Sends a bad message to girls that girls have to say 'yes'; sends a bad message to boys that girls cant say 'no,'" Richard said. Prior to the dance, which is voluntary, students are told to fill out a card by selecting five people they want to dance with. The administration says if theres someone on the card you feel uncomfortable with, the student is encouraged to speak up. If there is an issue, if theres students that are uncomfortable or have a problem with another student, I mean: thats certainly something that can be addressed with that student and parents, Findlay said. However, Richard says rejection is part of life and at the end of the day, this policy is sending impressionable children the wrong message. Psychologically, my daughter keeps coming to me and saying I cant say 'no' to a boy," she said. "Thats the message kids are getting." One of the concerns that Richard addressed with the principal at Kanesville Elementary is that parents werent aware of this policy. She recommended he send out a permission slip, detailing the instructions given to students, and he agreed. As of now, the rule remains in place. <N> Having a full dance card isnt necessarily a sweet thing at a Utah elementary school after a parent has raised concerns about a rule that no child can reject another students invitation to dance at a Valentines Day party. Natalie Richard, the mother of a sixth-grader at Kanesville Elementary School in Ogden, Utah, was shocked to learn that it would be against the rules for her daughter to decline another students dance request at the schools annual Hearts Day event. Richard has not yet responded to PEOPLEs request for comment, but told Salt Lake Citys Fox 13 station that forcing children to say yes to every request isnt a good policy. Its a bad message, she says, especially in light of the Me Too sexual abuse and harassment movement currently dominating headlines. Telling a girl that she has to say yes to a boys dance request reinforces the message that girls cant say no,' she told the news outlet. Psychologically, my daughter keeps coming to me and saying, I cant say no to a boy,  said Richard, who went to the schools principal with her concerns and was told that students had followed dance guidelines for years with no complaints. Thats the message kids are getting. <N> Sixth-graders will no longer be required to say yes when asked to dance at a Utah elementary school Valentines Day party that came under fire after a parent learned her daughter wasnt allowed to decline boys invitations. We are re-examining the procedures surrounding these dances, Lane Findlay, spokesman for the Weber School District, said in a news release. We have advised our schools to eliminate any sort of language in the instructions surrounding these dances that would suggest a student must dance with another student. A parent of a sixth-grader at Kanesville Elementary in West Haven complained last week after her daughter told her she wasnt allowed to say no if a boy asked her to dance at the schools Valentines Day dance. As word of the rule spread, some worried it undermines what kid should be learning about healthy relationships  especially in the age of #metoo. I have significant concerns about what it teaches children about consent, said Julie Valentine, a nursing professor at Brigham Young University who specializes in trauma and other issues related to sexual assault. We have to teach very early that kids have bodily autonomy, that they have the ability to consent regarding activity, regarding what part of their bodies is touched. Veronica Hardman said her sixth-grade son planned to attend the Kanesville Elementary dance, set to take place Wednesday morning during school hours. Because boys and girls both were required to ask each other to dance, and accept if asked, Hardman said she didnt think the dance rule reinforced cultural norms that girls are unkind if they say no to a boy. But Hardman also didnt think the rule was a useful introduction to etiquette. You should be able to say yes or no to anybody, she said. Life is rejection. You do get rejected. School officials confirmed that students were given dance cards where they would write their partner preferences  half girls choice and half boys choice  and they were expected to accept every partner. (Weber School District | Courtesy) A dance card waits to be filled for a school Valentine's Day dance. A Weber County elementary school has come under fire for requiring students to accept requests to dance at the Valentine's Day event. District officials say many schools in the county hold similar dances for sixth-graders to practice dances they learned in P.E. class; they are reviewing instructions and revising them so that students are allowed to refuse partners. Findlay said the rules applied to all students regardless of gender. The event is voluntary but encouraged, Findlay said. He said many of the districts schools host Valentines Day dances after students learn line dances and other dances in their P.E. classes. In previous years, Hardman said, parents have brought treats and taken photographs as students displayed the dances they had learned. Although these dances have been taking place for many years, it does raise some questions about the rule and the instructions that are given. We certainly understand the concern and would never want to promote a mindset where students dont feel like they have the option to say no, Findlay said. Brittany Magera has a daughter and a nephew who are both sixth-graders in Salt Lake County. The boy, she said, would be crushed to be paired off unwillingly. The girl would internalize the message that I have to say yes to guys. That would be drilled into her head, coming from a teacher or a principal, Magera said. Its an authority figure saying you do not have a right to say no. Magera said it was her younger daughter who startlingly illustrated the need for clear messages about consent when, at age 9, she began getting threats from a boy who wanted to be her boyfriend and wouldnt take no for an answer. Police eventually got involved, Magera said. [Imagine ] she cant say no if this guy asks her to dance, Magera said. The schools goal was probably to ensure that kids dont get their feelings hurt or get offended, Valentine said. <N> Press Release Special Olympics Chairman Timothy Shriver delivered an impassioned speech at an audience with Pope Francis in Rome today. Speaking in front of Special Olympics athletes and delegates, Dr. Shriver asked Pope Francis to support the movement as it embarks on an inclusion revolution around the world. Your Holiness: We are here to lead a revolution, said Dr. Shriver. But it is not a violent revolution or an angry revolution or a vengeful revolution. We are here to lead the inclusion revolution, a revolution of the heart, he added. The inclusion revolution is led by those who are poor in the eyes of a distracted world but are rich in love. It is determined to break down the invisible walls of fear and selfishness that separate us from one another. It is motivated by our restless dissatisfaction with intolerance, injustice, and inactivity. Our athletes are ready to play, with refugees, migrants, with all, they are ready. We look to you, your holiness, to be our leader, added Dr. Shriver. Dr. Shriver leads Special Olympics, a global movement of 5.6 million athletes in 172 countries. The audience who met Pope Francis at the Vatican included Special Olympics athletes from nine European countries. The athletes are in Rome to take part in a Unified football tournament supported by the Knights of Columbus, where athletes with and without intellectual disabilities play sport together. Pope Francis met the call for support with his own endorsement of Special Olympics, a movement he described as a beautiful reality. You are the symbol of a sport that opens your eyes and heart to the value and dignity of individuals and people who would otherwise be subjected to prejudices and exclusion. In these days you will have the opportunity to reaffirm the importance of "unified" sport, through which athletes with and without intellectual disabilities play together. This beautiful reality, which you carry out with commitment and conviction, nourishes the hope of a positive and fruitful future of sport, because it makes it a real opportunity for inclusion and involvement. Do not be tired of showing the world of sport your shared commitment to building more fraternal societies in which people can grow and develop and fully realize their abilities. In this sense, sport is one of those universal languages that overcome cultural, social, religious and physical differences, and manages to unite people, making them part of the same game and starring together of victories and defeats, added Pope Francis. Each Special Olympics athlete present at the audience had the opportunity to meet with Pope Francis. But it was a younger athlete, four-year-old Gemma Pompili from Rome, who captivated the Pontiff. Gemma was invited to present Pope Francis with a pair of red Special Olympics branded sports shoes. Gemma, who is part of the Special Olympics Young Athletes programme in Italy, where athletes with intellectual disabilities are introduced to sport and play from the age of two, was subsequently invited to sit beside His Holiness for the duration of the audience event, a rare honour for any invitee. Dr. Shriver is currently on a four-day visit to Rome, Italy. On Thursday, Dr. Shriver accepted the 2017 Mecenate dello Sport award for 2017 at an event at the Italian National Olympic Committee, on behalf of Special Olympics athletes all over the world. The Mecenate dello Sport award is one of Italys premium sports accolades. Former winners include Massimo Moratti, Nerio Alessandri, and Claudio Ranieri. The award was presented to Dr. Shriver by Gianni Di Pietro, an Italian businessman who founded the award in honour of his father, Varaldo di Pietro, and Giovanni Malag, president of the National Italian Olympic Committee. Part of Dr. Shrivers visit to Rome also includes a showpiece celebrity Unified football match at the at the Pio XI Sport Centre, which is operated by the Knights of Columbus in Rome. The two team were captained by Giovanni Malag of the Italian National Olympic Committee and Italian Minister of Sports Luca Lotti. The Unified football tournament runs from Friday 13th of October until Sunday 15th of October and features five-a-side teams from France, Lithuania, Poland, Hungary, Italy (4 teams), Portugal, Spain, Belgium, and Romania. It has been made possible by the support of the Knights of Columbus. <N> Il 13 ottobre alle ore 12.00 il Santo Padre ha accolto in unudienza privata gli atleti, con e senza disabilit intellettive, protagonisti dello Special Olympics Unified Football Tournament in corso, fino a domenica 15 ottobre, presso il Centro Pio XI di Via Santa Maria Mediatrice, 22 a Roma. Cari amici, vi accolgo con piacere in occasione del torneo di calcio e del forum promosso da Special Olympics. Vi saluto tutti con affetto e ringrazio il Presidente per le parole rivoltemi, come pure i giovani che sono intervenuti. Voi siete simbolo di uno sport che apre gli occhi  ha detto il Santo Padre  e il cuore al valore e alla dignit di individui e di persone che altrimenti sarebbero oggetto di pregiudizi e di esclusione. In questi giorni avrete lopportunit di riaffermare limportanza dello sport unificato, attraverso il quale atleti con e senza disabilit intellettiva giocano insieme. Questa bella realt, che portate avanti con impegno e convinzione, alimenta la speranza di un futuro positivo e fecondo dello sport, perch fa s che esso diventi una vera occasione di inclusione e di coinvolgimento. Non stancatevi di mostrare al mondo dello sport il vostro impegno condiviso per costruire societ pi fraterne, in cui le persone possano crescere e svilupparsi e realizzare appieno le proprie capacit. In questo senso, lo sport  uno di quei linguaggi universali che supera le differenze culturali, sociali, religiose e fisiche, e riesce a unire le persone, rendendole partecipi dello stesso gioco e protagoniste insieme di vittorie e sconfitte. La Chiesa, da parte sua, non manca di sostenere e incoraggiare quelle iniziative, legate al mondo dello sport, che favoriscono il bene delle persone e delle comunit. In effetti, lo sport ha sempre grandi storie da raccontare su persone che, grazie ad esso, sono emerse da condizioni di marginalit e povert, dalle ferite e dagli infortuni. Queste storie ci mostrano come la determinazione e il carattere di alcuni pu essere motivo di ispirazione e di incoraggiamento per tante persone, in tutti gli aspetti della loro vita. Vi auguro di trascorrere queste giornate con gioia e serenit. Insieme al divertimento, coltivate lamicizia e la solidariet. Mentre vi chiedo di pregare per me, invoco la benedizione del Signore su di voi, sulle vostre famiglie e su quanti vi sostengono nella vostra attivit sportiva. Che il Signore benedica tutti. May God bless you all. Federico Correzzola, atleta e Chiara Andreottola , atleta partner, hanno parlato in rappresentanza della delegazione Special Olympics: Federico: Santo Padre, 50 anni fa non avrei potuto giocare a calcio, anzi sicuramente non avrei giocato con nessuno. Sarei stato in un Istituto o chiuso in casa. Oggi invece sono qui, accanto a Lei, a rappresentare gli atleti di Special Olympics dellUnified Football Tournament, levento che in questi giorni riunisce sullo stesso campo di gioco, al Pio XI, paesi e culture diverse e, soprattutto, giovani con e senza disabilit intellettive. Cosa abbiamo mai in comune? Condividiamo una grande passione per il calcio, la voglia di superare i propri limiti, anche quelli dettati dai pregiudizi, e, non ultima, la gioia di sentirci tutti atleti. E straordinario, Santo Padre, proprio come un goal segnato sul fischio finale di una partita; Il calcio unificato, cos si chiama, trasforma i sogni in realt, trasforma noi giovani in compagni di squadra, ognuno con le sue caratteristiche, e ci cambia la vita. Si, perch quella fiducia in se stessi e nellaltro, quel buon atteggiamento che maturiamo praticando sport insieme li portiamo anche fuori dal campo di gioco: a casa per aprire gli occhi ai nostri genitori sbalorditi, a scuola per scoprire nuovi amici in chi magari ancora nutriva perplessit e remore, nella comunit dove viviamo per far si che camminando per la strada, ad esempio, nessuno pi si vergogni o abbia paura della diversit. Chiara: La strada da percorrere  ancora lunga e a volte, ancora oggi, che Special Olympics sta per compiere 50 anni,  in salita, ma ogni volta che io e i miei compagni, abbiamo lopportunit di allenarci insieme,ci sentiamo pi vicini al traguardo. Il vero goal  quello di un futuro migliore, di una societ totalmente aperta, pronta ad includere le persone a prescindere dal loro grado di abilit, per il solo fatto di essere al mondo. Santo Padre la sentiamo sempre vicino a noi e vogliamo continuare a camminare con lei. Federico e Chiara: Insieme siamo pi forti. Subito dopo allatleta pi giovane, Gemma Pompili, di soli 5 anni,  stato assegnato il compito di donare a Papa Francesco le scarpe sportive rosse con il logo di Special Olympics, proprio con laugurio di un promettente percorso insieme. Ma non  finta cos: Gemma si  poi arrampicata spontaneamente sulla sedia del vescovo, proprio alla destra di Papa Francesco, e l  rimasta per tutta la durata delludienza nonostante i genitori abbiano cercato di richiamarla. Lei scuoteva la testa ed esclamava Papa attirando ogni volta lattenzione del Santo Padre, affascinato da tanta tenerezza. Gemma  cos diventata il simbolo del Change The Game di Special Olympics restituendo a tutto il mondo limmagine di un traguardo inimmaginabile. A chiudere lincontro, il giuramento dellatleta Special Olympics recitato da Tomas Kovacs calciatore della delegazione ungherese:Che io possa vincere, ma se non riuscissi, che io possa tentare con tutte le mie forze Galleria fotografica <N> At midday today, in the Clementine Hall of the Apostolic Palace, the Holy Father Francis received in audience the Special Olympic Athletes participating in the Unified Football Tournament (Rome, 13-15 October 2017), as part of the celebrations marking fifty years since the birth of the international sports association. The following is the Popes address to those present: Holy Father Dear friends, I welcome you with please on the occasion of the football tournament and the forum organised by the Special Olympics. I greet you all with affection and thank the President for his words, as well as the young people who spoke. You are a symbol of a sport that opens the eyes and heart to the value and dignity of individuals and people who otherwise would be the object of prejudice and exclusion. In these days you will have the opportunity to reaffirm the importance of unified sport, through which athletes both with and without intellectual disabilities will play together. This beautiful activity, which you carry ahead with commitment and conviction, nourishes hope in a positive and fruitful future for sport, because it ensures that it becomes a true occasion for inclusion and involvement. Never tire of showing the world of sport your shared commitment to constructing more fraternal societies, in which people can grown and develop, and fully realise their own capacities. In this sense, sport is one of those universal languages that overcomes cultural, social, religious and physical differences, and succeeds in uniting people, making them participants in the same game and protagonists together in victories and defeats. The Church, for her part, never fails to support and encourage these initiatives, linked to the world of sport, which favour the good of people and of communities. In effect, sport always has great stories to tell of people whom it has helped emerge from conditions of marginalisation and poverty, wounds and misfortunes. These stories show us how the determination and character of some can be a reason for inspiration and encouragement for many people, in all aspects of their life. I hope you will spend these days in joy and serenity. Along with enjoyment, cultivate friendship and solidarity. As I ask you to pray for me, I invoke the Lords blessing upon you, your families and those who support you in your sporting activities. <N> Just read the emails between these two. This is Ashley Arnold, a 27-year-old resident of Idaho Falls, Idaho. She's a stay-at-home mom completing an online sociology degree with Southern New Hampshire University. As part of her final class, for which she paid almost $1,000, students were required to complete a project outline last month in which they would compare a social norm in the US and another country. For her "norm" Arnold picked social media use, and for her country she chose Australia. But when Arnold got her grade back on Feb. 1, she was shocked to see her professor had failed her. Why? Because, according to the teacher, "Australia is a continent; not a country." At first I thought it was a joke; This cant be real . Then as I continued to read I realized she was for real," she told BuzzFeed News. The professor, who has a PhD in philosophy, according to her LinkedIn, had given Arnold zero points in multiple sections of the assignment because she believed that Australia wasn't a real country. (Arnold asked BuzzFeed News not to name the professor because she didn't want any backlash, but it's understood she was a contracted employee and not on the permanent faculty). With her education levels, her expertise, who wouldnt know Australia is a country?" asked Arnold. "If shes hesitating or questioning that, why wouldnt she just google that herself? So, Arnold wrote a lengthy email to the professor, trying to convince her Australia, the country, does indeed exist. She even provided references: But the professor still wasn't convinced. In her lecturing reply, which Arnold provided to BuzzFeed News, the professor doubled down on her Australia-denialism: So, Arnold responded again, even including a link to the "About Australia" section of the Australian government's website: Let's stop for a second and just state for the record that Australia is a country. Here's the Australian prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull. Here are some members of the Australian women's soccer team, the Matildas. And here's Australia's foreign minister, Julie Bishop, speaking at the United Nations, a pretty exclusive international club that you have to be a 100% real country to join. She said she approached BuzzFeed News with her story because she was worried other students might have been incorrectly graded by the professor. Anyway, Arnold said she was determined to have the professor realize her mistake, so she filed a report with the university. "Im not going to fail because I chose a country that is a country," she said. Finally, after the professor had finished conducting her "independent research," Arnold received a new grade this week: a B+. The professor never apologized for the error, but did acknowledge she had a "misunderstanding about the difference between Australia as a country and a continent." Still, the professor had another warning for Arnold as she prepares to write her final assignment: "Please make sure the date, the facts, and the information you provide in your report is about Australia the country and not Australia the continent."  <N> Australia is a unique and diverse country in every way - in culture, population, climate, geography, and history. Culture Australian culture is as broad and varied as the country's landscape. Australia is multicultural and multiracial and this is reflected in the country's food, lifestyle and cultural practices and experience. Australia has an important heritage from its indigenous people, which plays a defining role in the cultural landscape. This diversity of influences creates a cultural environment in Australia that is lively, energised, innovative and outward looking. Population As of December 2014, Australia's population is roughly 23.6 million people. The most populous states are New South Wales and Victoria, with their respective capitals, Sydney and Melbourne, the largest cities in Australia. Australia's population is concentrated along the coastal region of Australia from Adelaide to Cairns, with a small concentration around Perth, Western Australia. The centre of Australia is sparsely populated. Climate The majority of Australia experiences temperate weather for most of the year. The northern states of Australia are typically warm all the time, with the southern states experiencing cool winters but rarely sub-zero temperatures. Snow falls on the higher mountains during the winter months, enabling skiing in southern New South Wales and Victorian ski resorts, as well as the smaller resorts in Australia's island state, Tasmania. Geography Australia is an island continent and the world's sixth largest country (7,682,300 sq km). Lying between the Indian and Pacific oceans, the country is approximately 4,000 km from east to west and 3,200 km from north to south, with a coastline 36,735 km long. Canberra is Australia's capital city. With a population of approximately 380,000 people and situated in the Australian Capital Territory, Canberra is roughly half way between the two largest cities Melbourne and Sydney. Australia has 19 listed World Heritage properties. Australia is also famous for its landmark buildings including the Sydney Harbour Bridge; its ancient geology, as well as for its high country. History Australia's first inhabitants, the Aboriginal people, are believed to have migrated from some unknown point in Asia to Australia between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago. While Captain James Cook is credited with Australia's European discovery in 1770, a Portuguese possibly first sighted the country, while the Dutch are known to have explored the coastal regions in the 1640s. The first European settlement of Australia was in January 1788, when the First Fleet sailed into Botany Bay under the command of Captain Arthur Phillip. Originally established as a penal colony, by the 1830s the number of free settlers was increasing. Transportation of convicts to the eastern colonies was abolished in 1852 and to the western colonies in 1868. Legal system Australia follows a Westminster system of government and law inherited from the British who originally colonised the country. There are two main political parties and a number of minor parties, which make up the Commonwealth Parliament. Each state and territory also has its own government. <N> Banks still doesn't know her reasoning for selling him down the river when she knew they never had sex and there was no DNA trace on her underwear. Maybe it was the $1.5 million she collected from the Long Beach school system, claiming it was an unsafe environment (the city is trying to recoup $2.6 million from her now). Banks thinks maybe Gibson was afraid her older sister, who went to the same high school, would find out she made out with him and tell her mother. Or that he would brag to friends. Maybe she thought he would just be suspended. He doesn't think she was trying to put him in jail. He also thinks perhaps a school security guard saw her leaving the stairwell with him, asked what she was doing and if she wanted to do it. <N> In 1999, we founded the California Innocence Project with 3 goals: 1) To free innocent people from prison 2) To provide outstanding training to our law students so they will become great lawyers 3) To change laws and procedures to decrease the number of wrongful convictions and improve the justice system I am very proud of the accomplishments we have achieved with all of these goals. We have brought home many innocent clients over the years and experienced the joy of reuniting them with their families. We have seen our law graduates go on to do great things. And, we have participated in changing many laws that assist our work and improve the lives of our clients. Over the years it has given me great joy to see our work go global in an innocence movement that grows bigger and stronger every day. Our project has been deeply involved in Latin America, launching Red Inocent, a network of innocence organizations throughout the region. We have also been involved in international cases, helping to free Jason Puracal from Nicaragua, Scott McMahon from the Philippines, and representing Grace and Mathew Huang in their wrongful incarceration case in Qatar. There is still a great deal of work for us to do and its not cheap. Simple expenses like gas money for us to visit our clients in remote prisons, our phone bill so clients can call us from prison, and copies of transcripts and crime scene photos can add up. I encourage you to explore our website and consider donating. Your generous contribution is 100% tax deductible and will be used to further the work of our project. <N> A 10-year nightmare over rape conviction is over Brian Banks spent years in prison, branded a rapist. Then his accuser provided the key to getting his conviction dismissed. At the meeting, which was secretly recorded, Gibson said she had lied. "No," she was quoted as saying, "he did not rape me." Banks had served five years in prison for the alleged rape, and now he was unemployed and weary. So he replied to Wanetta Gibson with a question: Would she meet with him and a private investigator? She agreed. It was the woman who, nearly a decade ago, accused him of rape when they were both students at Long Beach Poly High School. Brian Banks logged onto Facebook last year, and a new friend request startled him. Brian Banks, with his attorneys, is overcome with emotion in the courtroom. (Bob Chamberlin / Los Angeles) That admission set off an extraordinary chain of events that culminated Thursday morning. A Los Angeles County Superior Court judge dismissed Banks' conviction, ending 10 years of turmoil in a hearing that lasted less than a minute. Banks, 26, bowed his head and trembled, his eyes flooding with tears. His girlfriend, Pamela Soladar, yelped with joy. They made their way to each other and embraced; Banks was too overwhelmed to speak. "You made it," she whispered to him. It had been a long, maddening journey. In the summer of 2002, Banks was considered a top college football prospect. A 6-foot-4, 225-pound middle linebacker at Long Beach Poly High, Banks said he had been courted by USC, UCLA and other football powerhouses. He was attending summer school, and asked his teacher for permission to leave class so he could make a phone call, according to court papers. Then Banks, a senior, ran into Gibson, a sophomore. Banks said they fooled around, but that their sexual contact was consensual. His mother, Leomia Myers, believed him, and said she sold her condo and her car to pay for his defense. "I knew I didn't raise my son to do something so horrendous," she said. Gibson's version shifted over the years. She could not be reached Thursday for comment. Initially, court papers show, she told a classmate in a note rife with misspellings: "he picked me up and put me in the elevator and he took me down stairs and he pulled my pants down and he rapped me and he didn't have an condom on and I was a virgin now Im not." Gibson later told authorities a similar, more detailed story. But when she testified during Banks' preliminary hearing, Gibson faced the rigorous questioning typical in sexual assault cases. She changed some details and added others, Banks' attorneys alleged in court documents. Banks had a choice: He could take the he said-she said case to trial and, if convicted, risk being sentenced to 41 years to life in prison. Or, as his lawyer advised, he could accept a plea deal. Banks pleaded no contest to one count of forcible rape, spent five years in prison and, upon his release, was forced to register as a sex offender and wear an electronic monitoring bracelet. At one point, he begged the California Innocence Project in San Diego for help, but he was told that without new evidence, there was nothing its attorneys could do. "It's been a struggle, it's been a nightmare," he said. "It's more than I can describe, the things that I've been through." <N> Atlanta Falcons linebacker Brian Banks marched Saturday as part of an effort calling for clemency for the "California 12." He is shown during NFL football rookie minicamp, Saturday, May 4, 2013, in Flowery Branch, Ga. A woman whose false claim of rape sent former prep football star Brian Banks to prison was ordered to pay a $2.6 million judgment in connection with the case. A Los Angeles Superior Court judge on Friday ordered Wanetta Gibson to pay a $1.5 million, plus an additional $1.1 million in fees, including for making a false claim and court-related costs, the Long Beach Press Telegram reported. Gibson was a former high-school acquaintance of Banks in 2002 when she accused him of raping her at Long Beach Polytechnic High School, according to the California Innocence Project, an organization that helped exonerate Banks. Gibson sued the Long Beach Unified School District claiming the school was not safe and won a $1.5 million settlement. Brians Banks Joins "Innocence March" Atlanta Falcons linebacker Brian Banks marched Saturday as part of an effort calling for clemency for the "California 12." Ted Chen reports for the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Saturday, May 11, 2013. (Published Saturday, May 11, 2013) Gibson ultimately admitted she made up the story and a judge reversed Banks' conviction on May 24, 2012. Banks signed this year to play with the NFL's Atlanta Falcons. More Southern California Stories: <N> "I would say it's a case of privilege," Banks said. "It seems like the judge based his decision on lifestyle. He's lived such a good life and has never experienced anything serious in his life that would prepare him for prison. He was sheltered so much he wouldn't be able to survive prison. What about the kid who has nothing, he struggles to eat, struggles to get a fair education? What about the kid who has no choice who he is born to and has drug-addicted parents or a non-parent household? Where is the consideration for them when they commit a crime?" <N> Banks, who was falsely convicted of rape but later exonerated, says woman who come forward should be able to "expect to be believed." Brian Banks is a man on a mission. After being wrongfully convicted of rape at 16 years old and spending 62 months in prison for a crime he didnt commit, hes sharing his story in the hopes of helping others. In his upcoming Oxygen series, Final Appeal, Banks will attempt to educate the masses about the pitfalls that plague the current legal system. These problems often disproportionately affect black men. While some may expect Banks to have a visceral reaction to very public allegations of sexual assault permeating headlines, we learned the former NFL player is just as serious about empowering sexual assault victims as he is about protecting the wrongfully accused. By the end of that day, I was being accused of kidnapping and rape. In 2002, when I was 16 years old, I was on my way to USC on a full scholarship, he tells theGrio.com in an exclusive interview. I had one more year left to play high school football. I went to a known make-out spot at my high school with a girl who Ive known since middle school, and we made out. We didnt have sex. But by the end of that day, I was being accused of kidnapping and rape. I got arrested that very same day, July 8, 2002, and I did not come home until five years and two months later at the age of 22, he said. Then I did an additional five years of strict custody parole. I had to wear a GPS tracking device on my ankle for five total years and register as a sex offender and all kinds of inhumane circumstances I had to deal with for an additional five years, post-prison. All for it to come to an end when the person who made these accusation up came forward and admitted she lied about everything. Answers never came Banks accuser, Wanetta Gibson, never explained her true motives for making the false accusation. She recanted nine years later, says Banks, still visibly rattled by a story hes told dozens of times. She was, in her words, online on Facebook looking up friends from high school and saw how attractive I was and how much I had grown up, and she wanted to hook up, he explained. We still really do not understand. She has pointed the finger at so many other people instead of at herself. She will tell you the initial lie grew and grew once others got involved. She blames a lot of other people when the blame falls on a number of people and a number of reasons why my wrongful conviction took place. After Banks conviction, Gibson won a $1.5 million judgment against the Long Beach Unified School District after suing them for being unsafe. Consent is important, and so is justice I have been watching the news the last few months and all the headlines that have been coming out. The subject of force and the subject of consent and the subject of lying about it are two shi**y sides of the same stick. Supporting someone who has experienced being victimized like that and someone who has been wrongfully accused of doing that are both valid things to do, he says. Banks says hes glad the #metoo movement has brought the subject of sexual assault to the forefront. I think where we are now and what this dialogue does is it opens up a discussion that needs to happen in our society, and that is about sexual assault, that is about consent, and that is about the process in which we go investigate these kinds of cases. I think its a discussion that needs to happen, he explains. I think that people who have been sexually assaulted and want to speak up and seek justice for their experience should have the opportunity to do so. As someone who has been wrongfully convicted of rape, these are subjects I think we have to take our time with and be patient and investigate and make sure the right person is being held accountable. These people need to be prosecuted Following her recantation, Gibson was ordered to pay a $2.6 million judgment, including a $750,000 settlement to the LBUSD, plus attorney fees, interest and more than $1 million in punitive damages. The statute of limitations was expired for perjury. I would have absolutely pressed charges against her if I could. Part of my life was taken away because of her. But more importantly, you have to go after people like this because a person such as herself makes it harder for a woman who is raped to come forward confidently and share their story and hope something is done about what happened to them. They should be able to expect to be believed, he says. For all the men and women who have been assaulted and for all the men and women who have been wrongfully convicted for these kinds of crimes, these people who make false claims need to be prosecuted. Stay tuned for our exclusive interview with Brian Banks and the inside scoop on his upcoming series, Final Appeal, coming to Oxygen in January. <N> From a promising young athlete to a convicted felon imprisoned for crimes uncommitted, Brian Banks story is one of inspiring resilience and redemption. A star football player with NFL aspirations, Brian was on his way to accept a full-ride scholarship offer from the University of Southern California until his dreams were thwarted when he was falsely accused and subsequently convicted of raping a classmate. As a result, Brian served more than five years in prison and another five on parole as a registered sex offender. In 2011, his accuser admitted to fabricating the charges and with the help of the California Innocence Project, Banks was completely exonerated and earned tryouts with several NFL football teams before signing with the Atlanta Falcons. Now a public speaker and prominent activist against wrongful convictions, Brian is passionate about sharing his story and igniting a much-needed conversation surrounding mass incarceration, race and justice in America. Motivated by his powerful motto, Its not what you go through, but how you allow it to affect you, Brian offers personal perspective on redemption, overcoming unimaginable challenges and reclaiming ones path in life. <N> MEMPHIS   Nearly five years ago CBS 2 News broke the Brian Banks story  a budding football star convicted and sent to prison for a rape he didnt commit. Now, Hollywood has come calling. CBS2s Randy Paige, who has interviewed Banks several times over those five years, went to Memphis where the Banks story is being filmed. Its a story that is Only On 2. Tom Shadyac is creating the movie, Banks his inspiration. Brian is a lump of coal that has been crushed into a diamond, said Shadyac. Paige asks Banks if hes seeing his life being played out accurately? Yes, I definitely do, Banks says, Its a fight for freedom, its a fight for innocence and its a fight for justice and equal rights. Banks, a former Long Beach High football standout dreamed of playing in the NFL. After being falsely accused of rape when he was just 16-years-old, he ended going prison instead of the full ride football scholarship he was headed to at USC. A decade later, his accuser confessed she made it all up. Banks was exonerated in 2012. A uear later his dream came true. He played in the NFL pre-season with the Atlanta Falcons. Shadyac is making the Banks story in Memphis because, well, hes from here. His credits include Patch Adams and Ace Ventura. He had a choice in prison to let those bars cage him in or to look inside and free himself and he looked inside and I think its an offer now for all of us to look inside ourselves and free ourselves from whatever circumstances we are facing, Shadyac says. Banks is played by actor Aldis Hodge. His credits include Underground and Straight Outta Compton. He says he jumped at the chance to play Brians life story. We all believe in the story because we all believe in Brian, says Hodge. The most important thing for me as an actor is to capture as much of his authenticity as possible and put that on screen because I want to give the audience what I see. He really is just this ball of light, Hodge says. Oscar-nominated actor Greg Kinnear is co-starring as Justin Brooks, the law professor who led the legal team that proved Brians innocence. Justins an extraordinary guy hes been great to have around here, its weird, its a little odd to have an actor to have the guy youre playing hanging out, not shy either, hell give me a few tips every now and then. But hes a great guy and loves what he does, Im touched to play a guy like this, Kinnear says. Brooks co-founded the California Innocence Project nearly 20 years ago. He says Brians story puts a human face on the tragedy of the wrongly-convicted. I felt for a long time that Brian was the voice for thousands of other people. Because hes so articulate, and so smart and can really tell his story, in a really compelling way. And theres a lot of guys who cant, who went through the same thing Brian did. Theres a lot of guys who cant, Brooks says. He says the movie depicts how people who are innocent can plead guilty when they are frightened and alone as Brian was when he was 17. Paige asked the director what he hopes audiences come away with. I hope theyre inspired by Brian, because everyone has a burden , everyone has an obstacle a darkness a difficulty in their life, Shadyac says. Banks has been on the set constantly and he admits its not always been easy to watch his own life play out. You gotta relive this stuff in order for this movie to be made, but then theres the other side of the scale and it easily outweighs the fear, it outweighs the past it outweighs my own individual struggle because I know that this movie is going to help so many people beyond me, Banks says. <N> For $2 a day or $1 an hour, scores of men and women are fighting the wildfires ravaging Californias wine country. Theyre on call 7 days a week, on the frontlines, and make up 35 to 40 percent of Cal Fire, the states firefighting force. And theyre inmates serving time for nonviolent crimes. In recent years, some residents have called them angels in orange. Its a real good experience. Its better than sitting (in the prison) yard. I like getting in there and helping people, one 33-year-old inmate, Deshan Heard, told the OC Register this week. Heard, of Los Angeles, is serving six years behind bars for robbery. Heard is assigned to one of 43 conservation camps across the state, a network of prison-funded fire companies from the borders of Oregon to Mexico. The convict crew, run by the California Department of Correction and Rehabilitation and in part by Cal Fire or the Los Angeles Fire Department, has roughly 3,800 to 4,000 inmates a week. About 200 of those inmates are women, battling a rash of infernos that are the deadliest California has ever seen. The fires have claimed the lives of 31 people as of Thursday night and left at least 400 people missing. On Monday, a day after the blazes started, Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency for swaths of Northern Californias wine country, including Napa and Sonoma counties. The fires wiped out entire neighborhoods in Santa Rosa, decimating about 2,834 homes and 400,000 square feet of commercial space. Given this devastation, We need every firefighter we can get, whether its an inmate or not, said corrections spokesman Bill Sessa. One firefighter, Sandra Welsh, told NBC News recently, We are the ones that do the line. We are the ones that carry the hose out. Were the line of defense. Welshs Malibu camp was on standby as firefighters battle a brush fire in Anaheim Hills. Women make up three of the programs conservation camps, Sessa said. As of Friday morning, about 235 jailbirds turned firefighters were assigned to Canyon Fire 2 in Anaheim Hills, Sessa said. Meanwhile, roughly 300 were assigned to hot spots in Sonoma, Solano, and Napa counties. Today alone we have 1,700 inmates (or about 16 crews) on a fire line somewhere, Sessa said, adding, We are not only fighting fires, but we also have to provide backup fire protection in parts of the state that are not burning. During these massive fires, its common for inmate crews to work 24 straight hours, followed by a day of rest. The inmates, wearing orange jumpsuits, put in the same hours as their civilian brethren in yellow suits. (The professionals make a minimum of $17.70 an hour, according to one AFP report.) Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily Digest Start and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat Sheet A speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking Subscribe, you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason. As Santa Rosa fires raged, some crews worked 72 hours before they got 24 hours of rest, Sessa said. Like civilians, the inmates work in rough terrain, carrying hand tools and 60 pounds of gear on their backs. We tell all the guys we pick: We will treat you like a firefighter. We will only treat you like an inmate if you make us do it, Sessa told The Daily Beast. That happens very rarely. Most inmates in these camps have earned the right to be chosen based on rehabilitation work while they are serving their sentence in regular prison. The program, which started in the 1940s, is constantly replenishing its ranks because the inmates complete their sentences or are paroled. Sessa stresses that placement in the fire crews is voluntary. But last month, a candidate for lieutenant governor called the program slave labor and abuse on her website. No matter how you may want to dress it up, if you have people working for nothing or almost nothing, youve got slave labor, and it is not acceptable, wrote Gayle McLaughlin, a former mayor of Richmond, California. In response to such criticism, Sessa told The Daily Beast that people make slave labor claims because theyre looking from the outside in. On occasion you have a fringe candidate for elective office who thinks its a great sound byte to stick in a headline, but if you look at it from the inmates perspective, its difficult to call them enslaved when theyre volunteering to do the job, Sessa said. Every inmate working in a fire camp raised their hand and volunteered to do it, he added. Sessa said the $1-an-hour for fire prevention is the highest paying job for a California inmate and has rehabilitative value. Some inmates, he said, have never even held a job before joining the firefighting program. When the inmates arent on call, they earn $2 a day while at the camp. If theyre raising their hand and volunteering to do it and getting $76,000 a year in benefits before they ever go to camp, then this whole argument about enslavement makes no sense, Sessa said, referring to what he said was the prison systems annual cost to house an inmate. Sessa estimated the state of California is saving taxpayers $90 million to $100 million a year through the program. These inmates are not necessarily confined to fighting fires where they camp, Sessa said. Quite often they move hundreds of miles in a day, depending on where theyre needed. All of these inmates can be moved in a moment, he said, adding that crews from San Diego are working in Sonoma. They move constantly. The firefighters work in crews of 14 people. They live in supervised fire camps when theyre not in the field. When theyre not on a fire, they usually work on fire prevention or conservation projects, such as cutting brush or taking out a grove of diseased trees. While TV footage shows civilian firefighters in airplanes or water trucks, the inmates have a different role: They cut fire breaks by handor clear stretches of landto stop the spread of flames, Sessa said. When you hear on the news that a fire is X percent contained, that is in some part from what our crews do, Sessa said. The inmates use hand tools, with a lead firefighter using a chainsaw to cut trees and others using axes and shovels. Every person in line has a job related to the person behind them in line, Sessa added. Still, the work is not without danger. This year, two inmates died in the line of fire. Matthew Beck, 26, died in May when a 120-foot tree uprooted and crushed him in Humboldt County, about 300 miles north of San Francisco. Beck was serving six years for a 2014 burglary in Los Angeles County. In July, Frank Anaya was killed in San Diego after he slashed his leg with a chainsaw. The 22-year-old died after undergoing several surgeries. Anaya, of Ventura County, was serving a three-year sentence for spousal assault and weapons offenses. Anayas fatal injury marked the fifth death in the programs 40-year history. When you consider the decades this has been in place, the safety record has been outstanding, Sessa said when asked about those who lost their lives. A debate has long swirled around the program. As The Daily Beast previously reported, the California attorney generals office argued against an early prison-release program in 2014 because they believed it would severely impact fire camp participation. In response, David Fathi, director of the ACLUs National Prison Project, said such dangerous work outside of prison walls had a risk of government abuse. The inmate firefighters may also not be aware of the long-term health risks, he said. Yet in the press, the prisoners themselves are praising their roles. This is the first time in a long time my family is proud of me, Travis Reeder, a 23-year-old imprisoned for drug dealing, recently told AFP. In 2015, one firefighting convict said he volunteered for the program because the conservation camp gave him freedom. Then-34-year-old Joshua Coover told the East Bay Times that working all night to clear hazardous vegetation was the best feeling in the world. The best feeling is when we get off the fire; all the signs you see that say thank you, firefighters,' Coover told the Times. They even refer to us as the angels in orange.' <N> California 10th State to Adopt Background Check Reform for Private Sector Berkeley, CA. California Governor Jerry Brown yesterday evening signed into law AB 1008, the California Fair Chance Act, one of the strongest state laws in the country extending ban the box to private employers. California becomes the 10th state to require both public- and private-sector employers to delay background checks and inquiries about job applicants conviction records until they have made a conditional job offer to the applicant. The law takes effect in 2018. Nearly one in three California adultsdisproportionately people of colorhave a conviction or arrest record that can show up on an employment background check. The Fair Chance Act will help ensure that these eight million Californians are judged by their qualifications and work experience, and not reflexively rejected by employers at the start of the hiring process. Fair-chance reforms allow people with records to get their foot in the door and have been shown to increase the number of people with records interviewed and hired. Co-sponsored by Legal Services for Prisoners with Children, All of Us or None, National Employment Law Project, and Time for Change Foundation, AB 1008 not only delays background checks but also ensures that job applicants receive a copy of their records before a final hiring decision so that they can point out any errors and offer additional information. The signing of the Fair Chance Act marks the latest step in the ban the box campaign that All of Us or None began in 2003, and I thank everyone who has worked so diligently over the last 14 years to help formerly incarcerated and convicted people gain access to meaningful employment, said Dorsey Nunn, executive director of Legal Services for Prisoners with Children and co-founder of All of Us or None. Our persistence and dedication exposes the false narrative that people directly impacted by the criminal justice system are lazy or unskilledwe have shown up time and time again to actively participate in the civic process to improve the lives of our families and communities, creating leaders at every step. The Fair Chance Act incorporates best practices from the fair-chance ordinances adopted by San Francisco and the City of Los Angeles, as well as the laws of nine other states and more than a dozen other cities and counties that require private employers to delay conviction inquiries. With the enactment of AB 1008, the number of people living in a state or locality with a private-sector fair-chance hiring law increases from one-in-five to nearly one-in-three U.S. residents. In total, 29 states have banned the box for at least public employment, including Nevada, Utah, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, and Indiana just this year. AB 1008 is one of the strongest fair-chance laws in the nation and certainly the one that benefits the most people, said Beth Avery, staff attorney with the National Employment Law Project. Given that California is home to approximately 1 in 10 of the 70 million people with records in this country, we expect the new law will directly benefit millions of Californians, while also influencing the hiring practices of major employers across the country. A fair chance to work for people with records also means a better chance at success for the next generation of Californians, as nearly half of all U.S. children have at least one parent with a record. Whats more, research demonstrates that employment of people with conviction histories can improve the economy and benefit public safety through decreased recidivism. I applaud the courageous criminal justice reforms that the Governor has made possible while continuing to make California a safer and more just society, said Kim Carter, executive director of Time for Change Foundation. AB 1008 strengthens the resolve he has demonstrated! AB 1008 was authored by Assemblymember Kevin McCarty (D-Sacramento) as well as Assemblymembers Shirley Weber (D-San Diego), Chris Holden (D-Pasadena), Mike Gipson (D-Carson), and Eloise Gomez Reyes (D-San Bernardino), and Senator Steven Bradford (D-Gardena). We need to expand job opportunities for all Californians, especially those who have served their time and are looking for a fair chance to enter the workforce, said Assemblymember Kevin McCarty. AB 1008 was made possible by the broad support from directly impacted people and numerous California organizations. Even the California Chamber of Commerce removed opposition last month. Well-known criminal justice reform leaders also voiced support for this important law. AB 1008 symbolizes a belief in the quintessentially American ideas of redemption and renewal, wrote artist and activist John Legend. Author of The New Jim Crow Michelle Alexander and executive director of Equal Justice Initiative Bryan Stevenson also urged the governor to sign AB 1008. Our futures are all bound, wrote Stevenson, and Californias leadership on this issue can benefit the state while helping to guide the country. ### The National Employment Law Project is a non-partisan, not-for-profit organization that conducts research and advocates on issues affecting low-wage and unemployed workers. For more about NELP, visit www.nelp.org. Time for Change Foundations mission is to empower disenfranchised low-income individuals and families by building leadership through evidence-based programs and housing to create self-sufficiency and thriving communities. To learn more about TFCF, visit www.TimeForChangeFoundation.org. Legal Services for Prisoners with Children (LSPC) organizes communities impacted by the criminal justice system and advocates to release incarcerated people, to restore human and civil rights, and to reunify families and communities. Visit www.prisonerswithchildren.org for more information. All of Us or None (AOUON) is a grassroots civil and human rights organization fighting for the rights of formerly- and currently- incarcerated people and our families. AOUON began the Ban the Box campaign in 2003. <N> Nationwide, 31 states and over 150 cities and counties have adopted what is widely known as ban the box so that employers consider a job candidates qualifications firstwithout the stigma of a conviction or arrest record. Borne out of the work of All of Us or None, these initiatives provide applicants a fair chance at employment by removing the conviction history question from job applications and delaying background checks until later in the hiring process. 31 states, the District of Columbia, and over 150 cities and counties have adopted a ban-the-box or fair-chance policy. Momentum for these policies has grown exponentially, particularly in recent years. At the national level, President Obama endorsed ban-the-box by directing federal agencies to delay inquiries into job applicants records until later in the hiring process. Representing nearly every region of the country, a total of 31 states have adopted statewide laws or policiesArizona (2017), California (2017, 2013, 2010), Colorado (2012), Connecticut (2016, 2010), Delaware (2014), Georgia (2015), Hawaii (1998), Illinois (2014, 2013), Indiana (2017), Kentucky (2017), Louisiana (2016), Maryland (2013), Massachusetts (2010), Minnesota (2013, 2009), Missouri (2016), Nebraska (2014), Nevada (2017), New Jersey (2014), New Mexico (2010), New York (2015), Ohio (2015), Oklahoma (2016), Oregon (2015), Pennsylvania (2017), Rhode Island (2013), Tennessee (2016), Utah (2017), Vermont (2016, 2015), Virginia (2015), Washington (2018), and Wisconsin (2016). Eleven statesCalifornia, Connecticut, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washingtonhave also mandated the removal of conviction history questions from job applications for private employers, a change that advocates embrace as the next step in the evolution of these policies. 11 states, 17 cities and counties extend their fair-chance laws to private employment. In addition to these eleven states with private-sector laws, the District of Columbia and 31 cities and counties now extend their fair-chance hiring policies to government contractors. Seventeen of those localitiesAustin, Baltimore, Buffalo, Chicago, Columbia (MO), the District of Columbia, Kansas City (MO), Los Angeles, Montgomery County (MD), New York City, Philadelphia, Portland (OR), Prince Georges County (MD), Rochester, San Francisco, Seattle, and Spokaneextend their local fair-chance hiring laws to private employers within their jurisdictions. More jurisdictions are also adopting policies that do more than ban the box; many incorporate the best practices set forth in the 2012 U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) guidance on the use of arrest and conviction records in employment decisions, and others adopt innovative strategies such as targeted hiring. Robust fair-chance hiring laws delay records-related inquiries until after a conditional offer of employment and ensure a fairer decision-making process by requiring employers to consider the job-relatedness of a conviction, time passed, and mitigating circumstances or rehabilitation evidence. Nearly three-fourths of the U.S. population lives in a jurisdiction that has banned the box. Tallying up the population of the states and localities that have adopted a fair-chance law or policy, now over 236 million people in the United Statesnearly three-fourths of the U.S. populationlive in a jurisdiction with some form of ban-the-box or fair-chance policy. Fair-chance policies benefit everyone, not just people with records, because theyre good for families, local communities, and the overall economy. At an event in Oakland for employers to discuss reentry issues, one business owner spoke to the personal benefit of hiring people with records. Ive seen how a job makes all the difference, says Derreck B. Johnson, founder and president of Home of Chicken and Waffles in Oakland. When I give someone a chance, and he becomes my best employee, I know that Im doing right by my community. This resource guide documents the states, the District of Columbia, and the over 150 cities and counties that have taken steps to remove barriers to employment for qualified workers with records. A chart summarizing all the policies appears at the end of this guide. To support your state and local efforts to enact a fair-chance policy, check out NELPs Fair Chance  Ban the Box Toolkit, which provides a step-by-step guide for advocates desiring to launch a ban-the-box campaign. Embedded in the Toolkit is a range of resources to help draft a law, build your network, support your outreach, and even develop your media plan. Here are just a few of those resources: <N> Does "Ban the Box" Help or Hurt Low-Skilled Workers? Statistical Discrimination and Employment Outcomes When Criminal Histories are Hidden NBER Working Paper No. 22469 Issued in July 2016 NBER Program(s):Labor Studies Jurisdictions across the United States have adopted "ban the box" (BTB) policies preventing employers from conducting criminal background checks until late in the job application process. Their goal is to improve employment outcomes for those with criminal records, with a secondary goal of reducing racial disparities in employment. However, removing information about job applicants' criminal histories could lead employers who don't want to hire ex-offenders to try to guess who the ex-offenders are, and avoid interviewing them. In particular, employers might avoid interviewing young, low-skilled, black and Hispanic men when criminal records are not observable. This would worsen employment outcomes for these already-disadvantaged groups. In this paper, we use variation in the details and timing of state and local BTB policies to test BTB's effects on employment for various demographic groups. We find that BTB policies decrease the probability of being employed by 3.4 percentage points (5.1%) for young, low-skilled black men, and by 2.3 percentage points (2.9%) for young, low-skilled Hispanic men. These findings support the hypothesis that when an applicant's criminal history is unavailable, employers statistically discriminate against demographic groups that are likely to have a criminal record. A non-technical summary of this paper is available in the October 2016 NBER digest. You can sign up to receive the NBER Digest by email. Acknowledgments Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w22469 Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these: <N> Six volunteers each smoked simultaneously, in a small unventilated room (volume 27 950 litre), a cannabis cigarette containing 17.1 mg delta 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). A further four subjects - passive inhalers - remained in the room during smoking and afterwards for a total of 3 h. Blood and urine samples were taken from all ten subjects and analysed by radioimmunoassay for THC metabolites. The blood samples from the passive subjects taken up to 3 h after the start of exposure to cannabis smoke showed a complete absence of cannabinoids. In contrast, their urine samples taken up to 6 h after exposure showed significant concentrations of cannabinoid metabolites (less than or equal to 6.8 ng ml-1). These data, taken with the results of other workers, show passive inhalation of cannabis smoke to be possible. These results have important implications for forensic toxicologists who are frequently called upon to interpret cannabinoid levels in body fluids. <N> delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol  and its metabolite, 9-carboxy-THC, were detected in the plasma of a subject during a one-hour passive exposure to the smoke from four marijuana cigarettes containing a total of 104.8 mg of THC. Plasma concentrations of THC were determined by RIA and reached an apparent steady-state concentration of 2.2 ng/mL after 20 minutes of exposure. The presence of THC was confirmed by GC/MS analysis. Results from the two analyses exhibited excellent correlation (r = 0.990), although the concentrations determined by GC/MS were higher than those determined by RIA. Concentrations of 9-carboxy-THC were also determined by GC/MS, and remained consistently below the GC/MS determined concentrations of THC. By administering an infusion of THC, the dose that was inhaled and absorbed during the passive exposure was estimated to be 3.2 micrograms/min. <N> To test the possibility that cannabinoids are detectable following passive inhalation of Cannabis smoke the following study was performed. Five healthy volunteers who had previously never used Cannabis, passively inhaled Cannabis smoke for 30 min. Cannabis smoke was provided by other subjects smoking either marijuana or hashish cigarettes in a small closed car, containing approximately 1650 L of air. delta 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) could be detected in the blood of all passive smokers immediately after exposure in concentrations ranging from 1.3 to 6.3 ng/mL. At the same time total blood cannabinoid levels (assayed by radioimmunoassay [RIA] ) were higher than 13 ng/mL in four of the volunteers. Both THC and cannabinoid blood concentrations fell close to the cutoff limits of the respective assays during the following 2 h. Passive inhalation also resulted in the detection of cannabinoids in the urine by RIA and enzyme multiple immunoassay technique (EMIT) assays (above 13 and 20 ng/mL, respectively). It is concluded that the demonstration of cannabinoids in blood or urine is no unequivocal proof of active Cannabis smoking. <N> Five healthy men were passively exposed under pre- and postplacebo controlled conditions to sidestream smoke from four and 16 standard marijuana cigarettes (2.8% delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol [delta-9-THC]) for 1 hour each day for 6 consecutive days. Subjective effects produced by the 16-cigarette exposure conditions were similar to those observed after active smoking of one 2.8% delta-9-THC marijuana cigarette. Effects after the four-cigarette condition were less pronounced. Concurrent physiologic measurements showed no clear trends or effects of smoke exposure for either condition. Daily mean plasma levels of delta-9-THC ranged from 2.4 to 7.4 ng/ml with an individual high of 18.8 ng/ml for the 16-cigarette condition. With the use of EMIT cannabinoid assays with 20 ng/ml (EMIT 20) and 100 ng/ml (EMIT 100) cutoffs, urines positive per subject under the four- and 16-cigarette passive exposure conditions were 4.6 +/- 2.2 and 35.2 +/- 3.8, respectively, for the EMIT 20 and 0.0 and 1.0 +/- 0.8, respectively, for the EMIT 100 assay. From the results of these studies, caution is clearly indicated for individuals who might be substantially exposed to heavy marijuana cigarette smoke environments and for those interpreting marijuana screening data. <N> Updated 02/20/2018 Looking for a cannabis strain that will challenge your tolerance or stand up to stubborn medical symptoms? Readers ask us all the time which strains are the potent, and while that depends on a variety of factors from growing techniques to phenotypic variation, weve put together a list of strains that tend to deliver potent euphoric effects thanks to strong genetics and selective breeding. While THC is the main driver of potency, its important to understand the important role terpenes play in enhancing and shaping the strains high. Terpenes like myrcene, linalool, and limonene refer to aromatic compounds that lend cannabis its unique array of smells, and a cannabis strain rich in both terpenes and THC often delivers a more remarkable experience than a product that lacks chemical diversity. A Selection of the Strongest Cannabis Strains Below are the mean THC levels of a few cannabis strains featured in this list. Note that these represent their average potency across several testing labs; youll undoubtedly come across samples with higher or lower THC levels in your own strain exploration, but this gives you a baseline idea of how these strains compare. Note: You can filter potent strains on dispensary menus to see if any of these recommendations are available near you. GSC (f.k.a. Girl Scout Cookies) GSC (f.k.a Girl Scout Cookies) hauled its way up the ladder of fame in recent years, and it isnt hard to see why. The genetics in this hybrid are strong, with a THC content that regularly tests above 20%. Expect a crushing wave of blissful euphoria that enshrouds both mind and body with warm relaxation for hours. Leafly User Review: Incredible jelly foot. Very nice body pudding. Creativity mixed with amazing peaks of HD colors. herbknight Kosher Kush Kosher Kush first blessed the world with its presence in 2010 and has been nabbing Cannabis Cup awards ever since. Its genetic background may be a mystery, but this indicas keepers at DNA Genetics have refined a champion strain that consistently breaches 20% THC. Wrapped in a thick blanket of crystalline resin, youll hardly need a closer look to see that this tranquilizing indica is not one for the novices. Leafly User Review: I cant feel my face or my arms, or my feet, or anything for that matter. Its as though Im a weightless entity with a somewhat foggy-consciousness, floating on the patio. ricegrain Ghost OG Hiding in a white cloak of crystal resin, Ghost OG is a strain that is bred for its high-octane euphoria. Said to be a cut off the original OG Kush, Ghost OGs potency is toned by a symphony of terpenes that fuel this strains powerful THC engine. Find a comfy seat and prepare to be swept into a powerful, euphoric current perfect for relaxing. Bruce Banner Bruce Banner, appropriately named after the Hulks alter ego, is a heavy-duty hybrid with a staggering THC content. Rated the strongest strain in 2014 by High Times following its victory in the 2013 Denver Cannabis Cup, Bruce Banner has since carved itself quite the reputation. Powered by OG Kush and Strawberry Diesel genetics, Bruce Banner delivers a dizzying punch of euphoria that anchors your body in deep relaxation. Ghost Train Haze In the last few years, the Cannabis Cup leaderboards saw a new rising star: the lively and vigorous sativa known as Ghost Train Haze. Bred by Rare Dankness Seeds, Ghost Train Haze had the highest THC content of any 2011 Cannabis Cup submissions, weighing in at 25.5% THC. Inheriting genetics from Ghost OG and Nevilles Wreck, this sativas potency takes form in a jolt of euphoric energy that goes straight to the head, feeding focus and creativity. Leafly User Review: My initial response was yelling. Its almost unreasonably potent. Smooth and citrusy too, but potent. Did I mention it was potent? It was potent. A next-level sativa. Made me feel like a marijuana n00b up until now. CAREFUL, its potent. thepiginzen Chemdawg Chemdawg is a classic strain whose unforgettable potency keeps a vice grip on its fan base. Ripe with the scent of acrid fuel, Chemdawg delivers an unforgettable flavor profile alongside its invigorating euphoria, inviting creativity alongside firm stress relief. Leafly User Review: I feel like Im in gravy and its a real good time. powwow31 GG4 (f.k.a. Gorilla Glue #4) GG4 (f.k.a. Gorilla Glue #4) is named for the stickiness of its resinous buds, and this hybrid certainly lives up to her name. It isnt rare for GG4 to hit the mid- to upper-twenties in a potency analysis, and shes got multiple Cannabis Cup awards to back that claim up. But we doubt youll need the proof when this hybrids got you gorilla-glued to the couch in stupefied contentment. The White Named for the whiteout of crystal resin cloaking her buds, The White has become a godsend for breeders looking to improve the potency of their genetics. Routinely testing between 20-28% THC, The White delivers a disorienting blizzard of euphoric delirium that commands relaxation. Death Star With a THC profile that typically dances between 20-24%, Death Star will surely wreak as much havoc as the Galactic Empire. Using its great psychoactive forces, this Sensi Star and Sour Diesel hybrid commands you to chill out as it imposes powerfully euphoric and sedating effects. Leafly User Review: Theres no hiding the high with Death Star. We went Christmas tree shopping in the bitter cold. It took us about 45 minutes to pick out a treeit ended up being the very first tree we saw. Then went to a bar and I confused a mirror for a window. hoobear White Fire OG Born from The White and Fire OG, White Fire OG (also known as WiFi OG) is a force not to be trifled with. Testing data shows the impressive THC potential of this hybrid, with average levels falling between 22-29%. Its uplifting effects launch your mood into the clouds, an elevated feeling that will shake creativity and happiness wide awake. Explore More Potent Cannabis Strains Cant get enough potent, high-THC strains for your stash jar? Here are a few more heavy-hitters for you to seek out at your next dispensary visit. Which other heavy-handed strains belong on this list? Tell us about them in the comments section! <N> The future is now! Scientists have apparently perfected time travelbut only a couple months into the futureand, uh, they apparently can only bring back cereal: not any lottery numbers, sports almanacs, or whatever cryptocurrency is most valuable at the time (CrunchCoin?). Okay maybe not, but breakfast wormholes are the only logical explanation for how the wonderful fellas at MyCountyMarket got ahold of not I, not II, and not III, but IV (allegedly: none are confirmed) upcoming cereals from General Millscereals so exciting and new that Im cancelling the New Years Resolutions I havent even made yet.* Lets take a gander at our soon-to-be-spooned pantry-stuffers, shall we? *UPDATE: MyCountryMarkets video has been removed for reasons unknown. First up: Lucky Charms with Frosted Flakes (of corn), arguably the most fascinating one of the bunch. Its a calculated risk by Lucky Charms to ditch their iconic crispy oatsto anyone over the age of 14, the oats are just as appealing as the marshmallows, since after puberty, eating a swirling bowl of sweet iridescent marshmallows becomes more of a queasy than easy endeavor. And its even more risky to incur the wrath of Tony the Tiger. Though the GRRRanulated jungle cat doesnt have exclusive rights to the phrase Frosted Flakes, his with Marshmallows cereal is so similar to this that we might soon be seeing a breakfast aisle cat-fight. Though I predict Luckys cereal will be tastier, I certainly wouldnt bet on a leprechaun in a cage match against a tiger. 2018 has been a huge year for delicious new and returned Cheerios varietiesif Time Magazine gave a hoot about breakfast, theyd make their year in review cover a single Cheerio with the word Yeah beside it. Thats why, even though peach isnt my favorite flavorwhen you say Georgia, I think of the typeface before the fruitI know Ill be gobbling and cobbling down boxes of this stuff come 2018. The only question is how Peach Cheerios will be coated with flavor. Will they be glazed like Honey Nut? Baked in like Honey Nut? Studded with peachy keen lil bits like Very Berry? Or dusted with more powder than an invisible laser tripwire in a heist movielike Chocolate Peanut Butter? Who knows what the future holds for this Most Likely To Succeed cereal student. Maybe General Mills will embed the whole lot of rings in a giant peach. You know, James-style. Speaking of flavor-blasted, General Mills seemingly new cereal brandthe first one since the rise and fall of Tiny Toastis more flavor-blasted than an Xplosive Pizza Goldfish getting a spray tan made of nacho cheese. Despite its early-2000s-skateboarding-movie-esque name and bold design, Shreds appears to just be shredded wheat + a sweet jacket of sparkling taste. Perhaps not exciting on the surface, but when you put the words Cinnamon Toast Crunch in front of it, my taste buds perk up like a hundred sweet and sour deer who heard a hunter blink too aggressively. Seriously, you could put Cinnamon Toast Crunch in front of the words soap, cactus, or eel pie and Id probably try it in a bowl with milk. Now that General Mills, Kelloggs, and Post are all in the frosted shredded wheat game, I sense a battle royale brewing. Your move, Capn Crunch. And somehow, Peanut Butter Chocolate Shreds are even more exciting. Mostly because with the birth of these Shreds, General Mills will have a complete trilogy of peanut butter chocolate cereals, alongside Reeses Puffs and those new Cheerios. Those two are fantastic, so I have high hopes for these Shreds to become the Holy Toast to those twos Chocolate Father and Peanut Butter Son. So there you have it: four 2018 gifts to look forward to before you even unwrap your holiday presents. Feel free to use the comments below to say which tops your wish listI bet Santa will be peeved that hes getting cookies and milk again instead of Shreds. Big thanks to MyCountyMarket for sharing their video and all the photos (be aware that these are not final box art renders and are subject to change) here. Be sure to follow them for more prescient new food sorcery. Maybe if I sacrifice a bowl of Golden Grahams to them, I can get the Eggnog Toast Crunch Ive always wanted. <N> Cereal lovers around the world, 2018 is going to be one for the books. There are four rumored cereals that'll be released in the new year, and we're keeping our fingers crossed they all come true. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The first of the rumors (and most exciting, TBH) is Lucky Charms Frosted Flakes. You may be wondering how General Mills will pull off using the name of Kellogg's hit cereal on the package. As it turns out, "frosted flakes" is not trademarked by the company. In fact, there are other generic brands that go by the same name. This explains why there's no sign of Tony the Tiger and his tiger stripes on the (rumored) box. But, let's be honest  with or without Tony, this cereal combo is gonna be GRE-E-REAT! Next up, we have Cinnamon Toast Crunch Shreds: the classic cinnamon-toast flavor packed into shredded wheat bites, similar to Kellogg's Mini Wheats. Yummm! If you thought it couldn't get better, think again. Peanut Butter Chocolate Shreds look like an amazing creation derived from Reese's Puffs. The texture of a Mini Wheat with the taste of Reese's will be too much to handle. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Lastly, there's the limited-edition Peach Cheerios. As a classic cereal that's hard to get sick of, we can only imagine that Cheerios with a splash of peach flavor will be just as fruity and delicious as it sounds. (h/t cerealously.net) More From Best Products: Nintendo and Kellogg's are Teaming Up to Create a 'Super Mario' Cereal You've Never Had a Bowl of Cereal Like the Ones This Eatery Serves Up Make Breakfast Magical With Unicorn Froot Loops FollowBestProducts.com on Facebook and Pinterest for all the latest products, so you can find the item that's perfect for you (at the right price)! <N> Published: 04:14 EST, 26 April 2017 | Updated: 23:18 EST, 26 April 2017 A mother-of-three has spoken of her terror after she almost lost her legs to a deadly infection which she caught from shaving her bikini line. Dana Sedgewick, 44, from Sheffield, trimmed her pubic area with a brand new razor but ended up cutting a spot on her groin. Her body almost immediately went into shock, causing a red rash on her legs before they turned black from necrotising fasciitis - a flesh-eating infection. Rushed to intensive care, doctors operated to remove as much of the rotting skin as they could - but she developed sepsis during the procedure. She was placed in a coma as her family were told she had just a 30 per cent chance of survival as her kidneys failed and her heart stopped four times. Having managed to survive the horrific ordeal, she underwent 21 operations to repair the damage to her skin - but doctors warned she would never walk again. But with the support of her husband, Mathew, 47, she has now recovered and can walk using crutches and is back at home with her children - Megan, 18, Freya, 14, and Klara, nine. Dana Sedgewick, 44, trimmed her pubic area with a brand new razor, but ended up in a coma after she developed the flesh-eating infection, necrotising fasciitis (pictured now, using a crutch to walk - despite being told she may never be able to use her legs again) Mrs Sedgewick said: 'Like a lot of women, I tried to keep a tidy bikini line. So I had a quick trim with a new razor. 'But over the weekend, I felt unwell and noticed a little pimple on my groin which kept bleeding. I didn't think anything of it as I often got a rash from shaving. 'Little did I know that this tiny pimple would almost cost me my life.' Mrs Sedgewick's ordeal began in May 2012. Two days after she'd shaved, she began experiencing dizziness and nausea. She visited her GP, who took swabs of the area and prescribed her antibiotics to combat a suspected infection. Later that day, her eldest daughter Megan discovered her lying in bed, with her legs covered in a bloody red rash. Her body almost immediately went into shock, causing a red rash on her legs before they turned black from the rotting flesh (pictured in September 2012 after a couple of skin graft procedures to repair some of the damage on her legs) Afterwards, her GP called to say that the swabs had revealed it was serious and that she needed to go in for another examination. But when her husband dropped her off at the surgery, she collapsed.  Like a lot of women, I tried to keep a tidy bikini line. So I had a quick trim with a new razor  Dana Sedgewick, 44 An ambulance was called and she was rushed to the trauma unit at the Northern General Hospital in Sheffield, where doctors diagnosed her with necrotising fasciitis. The condition causes bacteria to release toxins that attack the surrounding soft tissue, and can be caused by a minor cut or scratch. Mrs Sedgewick said: 'By the time I got to the hospital, my legs were covered in black, rotting flesh. It was touch-and-go as to whether I'd make it.' Over the next ten hours, surgeons battled to save her legs. Cutting through seven inches of infected skin, they removed the diseased flesh and reapplied skin from her back. Rushed to intensive care, doctors placed her in a coma as her family were told she had just a 30 per cent chance of survival as her kidneys failed and her heart stopped four times (pictured at the Northern General Hospital in Sheffield in May 2012) Having managed to come round from the horrific ordeal, she underwent 21 operations to repair the damage to her skin - but doctors warned she would never walk again (pictured in hospital suffering from the infection) The condition causes bacteria to release toxins that attack the surrounding soft tissue, and can be caused by a minor cut or scratch (pictured: her legs now after having the operations to repair the damage that was caused) Doctors told Mrs Sedgewick that she had been very lucky to survive her terrifying ordeal with necrotising fasciitis (pictured in hospital in June 2012) During surgery, she developed sepsis and was given a slim chance of survival after going into septic shock. The silent killer strikes when an infection such as blood poisoning sparks a violent immune response in which the body attacks its own organs. To increase her chances of survival, doctors decided to put her into an induced coma for nine days. She said: 'When I woke up, my legs were covered in bandages and I had no idea what had happened. I thought I'd been in a car accident. 'But when the surgeon asked me if I remembered shaving, I suddenly recalled trimming my bikini line. 'He told me that the spot on my groin had become infected, and I'd been very lucky to survive.' Mrs Sedgewick was transferred to the hospital's burns unit for specialist treatment, and was able to see her legs for the first time. She said: 'It was horrific. All of my muscle had rotted away, and I had a crater of skin near my groin. I felt like I was going to throw up. 'But I knew that it could have been much, much worse. I could easily have lost my legs - or worse, died.' Mrs Sedgewick was transferred to the hospital's burns unit for specialist treatment, and was able to see her legs for the first time (pictured in hospital in June 2012) But with the support of her husband, Mathew, 47, she has now recovered and is back at home with her children - Megan, 18, Freya, 14, and Klara, nine (the family are pictured before Mrs Sedgewick's ordeal on a day out to Endcliffe Park, Sheffield, on Christmas Day 2016) WHAT IS NECROTISING FASCIITIS? Necrotising fasciitis is most commonly caused by an infection with group A Streptococcus. Those infections normally last just a few days - they are mild and typically clear themselves up. But in some unusual cases it can develop into necrotising fasciitis. They infect flat layers of a membrane known as the fascia, which are connective bands of tissue that surround muscles, nerves, fat, and blood vessels. The infection also damages the tissues next to the fascia. Sometimes toxins made by these bacteria destroy the tissue they infect, causing it to die. When this happens, the infection is very serious and can result in loss of limbs or death. . Doctors warned that she'd never walk again but she defied them and managed to walk on crutches, after intense physiotherapy. Six weeks later, she was discharged from hospital. Over the next four years, she underwent 21 operations to improve the appearance of her skin. Mrs Sedgewick, who has been left with extensive scarring, said: 'It didn't feel like my own body any more. 'But with Mat's support, I grew to see the scars as a reminder of how brave I'd been, and how lucky I was to survive. 'It's incredible to think a tiny shaving spot could have killed me. I had a very close shave indeed.' Dr Ron Daniels BEM, chief executive of the UK Sepsis Trust, said: 'Stories like Dana's illustrate the serious damage sepsis can do. Every day in the UK, individuals and families have their lives torn apart by the condition. 'But through better awareness, thousands of lives could be saved each year. 'While necrotising fasciitis is a rare cause of sepsis, it's crucial that members of the public and healthcare professionals consider it when presented with an unwell patient. 'Anyone with flu-like symptoms and one or more of the key signs of sepsis must call an ambulance immediately. With every hour that passes before the correct antibiotics are administered, the risk of death increases.' Mrs Sedgewick, who has been left with extensive scarring, said: 'It didn't feel like my own body any more. But with Mat's support, I grew to see the scars as a reminder of how brave I'd been' (pictured with her 47-year-old husband Mathew after the ordeal) <N> Necrotizing fasciitis (NECK-re-tie-zing FASH-e-i-tis) is a rare bacterial infection that spreads quickly in the body and can cause death. See a doctor right away if you have a fever, dizziness, or nausea soon after an injury or surgery. Necrotizing fasciitis is a bacterial infection of the tissue under the skin that surrounds muscles, nerves, fat, and blood vessels. The bacteria most commonly get into the body through a break in the skin. Once in the body, the bacteria spread quickly and destroy the tissue they infect. Media reports often call them flesh eating bacteria. Unfortunately, necrotizing fasciitis can result in a loss of limbs and even death. Accurate diagnosis, rapid antibiotic treatment, and prompt surgery are important to stopping this infection. Symptoms Can Often Be Confusing and Develop Quickly Early symptoms of necrotizing fasciitis include: A red or swollen area of skin that spreads quickly Severe pain, including pain beyond the area of the skin that is red or swollen Fever See a doctor right away if you have these symptoms after an injury, even if the injury doesnt break the skin. Even though minor illnesses can cause symptoms like these, people should not delay getting medical care. Later symptoms of necrotizing fasciitis can include: Ulcers, blisters, or black spots on the skin Changes in the color of the skin Pus or oozing from the infected area Dizziness Fatigue (tiredness) Diarrhea or nausea Doctors treat necrotizing fasciitis with IV antibiotics. People with Necrotizing Fasciitis Need Prompt Treatment Antibiotics and surgery are typically the first lines of defense if a doctor suspects someone has necrotizing fasciitis. Doctors often need to perform surgery in order to Diagnose the illness See how deep the infection has spread Quickly remove diseased tissue Since necrotizing fasciitis can spread so rapidly, patients often must get surgery done very quickly. Doctors also give strong antibiotics through a needle into a vein (IV antibiotics) to try to stop the infection. Sometimes, however, antibiotics cannot reach all of the infected areas because the bacteria have killed too much tissue and reduced blood flow. When this happens, doctors have to surgically remove the dead tissue. Sometimes doctors have to remove the infected limb (e.g., leg, foot, arm) to stop the infection from spreading further. It is not unusual for someone with necrotizing fasciitis to end up needing multiple surgeries. While Rare, Some People Are More Likely to Get Necrotizing Fasciitis Necrotizing fasciitis is rare. Your chances of getting it are extremely low if you have a strong immune system and practice good hygiene and proper wound care. Most people who get necrotizing fasciitis have other health problems that may lower their bodys ability to fight infection. Some of these conditions include: Diabetes Kidney disease Cancer People Rarely Spread Necrotizing Fasciitis to Other People In general, someone with necrotizing fasciitis does not spread the infection to others. Most cases of necrotizing fasciitis occur randomly. The most common way of getting necrotizing fasciitis is when the bacteria enter the body through a break in the skin, including Cuts and scrapes Burns Insect bites Puncture wounds (including those due to IV drug use) Surgical wounds Good Wound Care Is Important Common sense and good wound care are the best ways to prevent bacterial skin infections. Clean all minor cuts and injuries that break the skin (like blisters and scrapes) with soap and water. Clean and cover draining or open wounds with clean, dry bandages until they heal. See a doctor for puncture and other deep or serious wounds. Wash hands often with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand rub if washing is not possible. Care for fungal infections like athletes foot. If you have an open wound or skin infection, avoid spending time in Hot tubs Swimming pools Natural bodies of water (e.g., lakes, rivers, oceans) Whats in a Name? Necrotizing means causing the death of tissues. Fasciitis means inflammation of the fascia (the tissue under the skin that surrounds muscles, nerves, fat, and blood vessels). Many Bacteria Can Cause Necrotizing Fasciitis Many types of bacteria can cause necrotizing fasciitis, including: Group A Streptococcus or group A strep Bacterioides Klebsiella Clostridium Escherichia coli or E. coli Staphylococcus aureus Aeromonas hydrophila Public health experts believe group A Streptococcus (group A strep) is the most common cause of necrotizing fasciitis. Group A strep are the same bacteria that cause strep throat and other common, but generally mild infections. CDC Tracks Necrotizing Fasciitis Caused by Group A Strep CDC tracks necrotizing fasciitis caused by group A strep with a special system called Active Bacterial Core surveillance (ABCs). Since 2010, approximately 700 to 1200 cases occur each year in the United States. This is likely an underestimate. According to ABCs data, the number of annual group A strep necrotizing fasciitis infections reported to ABCs does not appear to be rising. <N> Necrotizing fasciitis is an uncommon disease that results in gross morbidity and mortality if not treated in its early stages. At onset, however, it is difficult to differentiate from other superficial skin conditions such as cellulitis. Family physicians must have a high level of suspicion and low threshold for surgical referral when confronted with cases of pain, fever, and erythema. Necrotizing fasciitis is classified according to its microbiology (polymicrobial or monomicrobial), anatomy, and depth of infection. Polymicrobial NF mostly occurs in immunocompromised individuals. Monomicrobial NF is less common and affects healthy individuals who often have a history of trauma (usually minor). Patients with NF can present with symptoms of sepsis, systemic toxicity, or evidence of skin inflammation, with pain that is disproportional to the degree of inflammation. However, these are also present in less serious conditions. Hyperacute cases present with sepsis and quickly progress to multiorgan failure, while subacute cases remain indolent, with festering soft-tissue infection. Because the condition is rare with minimal specific signs, it is often misdiagnosed. If NF is suspected, histology of tissue specimens is necessary. Laboratory and radiologic tests can be useful in deciding which patients require surgical consultation. Once NF is diagnosed, next steps include early wound debridement, excision of nonviable tissue, and wide spectrum cover with intravenous antibiotics. PubMed was searched using the terms necrotizing fasciitis and necrotizing soft tissue infections, paired with early diagnosis. Results were limited to human studies in English. Additional articles were obtained from references within articles. Evidence is levels II and III. At onset, NF can be difficult to differentiate from cellulitis and other superficial infections of the skin. In fact, studies have shown that only 15% to 34% of patients with NF have an accurate admitting diagnosis. 1 , 2 Only early diagnosis and aggressive surgical treatment can reduce mortality and morbidity. 3 Family physicians are often the first point of contact for these patients, and a high index of suspicion is needed, as there is a paucity of initial signs. This article aims to review NF, especially with regard to early diagnostic clues. We also describe a case that illustrates the difficulty of diagnosing the disease in its early stages. We chose a case of subacute NF to illustrate how its signs can be subtlewe feel that family physicians should be aware of this entity. Necrotizing fasciitis (NF) is a rare but potentially fatal infection involving the subcutaneous tissue and fascia. It is commonly known as flesh-eating disease. Deaths from NF can be sudden and sensational and often make headline news. Necrotizing fasciitis is prevalent enough that most primary care physicians will be involved with managing at least 1 case during their time in practice, but infrequent enough for most to be unfamiliar with the disease. Histology results were reported as consistent with NF. On day 11 of admission, she underwent further surgical exploration, which this time suggested macroscopic evidence of early NF. An extensive wound debridement was performed, and her temperature and laboratory parameters subsequently normalized. She was discharged soon after with minimal morbidity. An orthopedic consultation was obtained and an initial diagnosis of cellulitis was made. However, her fever did not subside, despite the administration of appropriate intravenous antibiotics. Her erythema and bullae worsened; on day 8 of admission, a decision for surgical exploration was made to exclude NF. Intraoperative visual inspection did not reveal any obvious necrotic tissue. A sample of tissue was sent for histologic assessment. She continued to be febrile. presents some of the investigations performed at time of admission. Blood cultures grew group A -hemolytic streptococci (Streptococcus pyogenes) susceptible to penicillin, ampicillin, and clindamycin. The patient was treated with intravenous clindamycin and crystalline penicillin. She developed an area of erythema over her left shin, which progressed over the next few days and started to blister. She complained of leg pain, which was relieved with acetaminophen. Initially attributed to the underlying osteoarthritis of her left knee, the pain progressed to involve her shin. By the fourth day of admission she had become apprehensive when examined and fearful of moving her leg. She had a history of left knee osteoarthritis, for which she had been undergoing a course of acupuncture for the past 6 weeks. Otherwise, her medical history was unremarkable. A 62-year-old woman of Chinese descent was admitted to hospital with a 3-day history of fever, shortness of breath, and biochemical evidence of septicemia (raised total white blood cell count and C-reactive protein levels). No obvious source of sepsis could be identified at the time of admission, except for complaints of left lower leg pain. There was no evidence of inflammation of the leg at that time. Necrotizing skin infections were first described by Jones in 1871, although at the time the term hospital gangrene was used. 4 The term necrotizing fasciitis was coined by Wilson in the 1950s to describe necrosis of the fascia and subcutaneous tissue with relative sparing of the underlying muscle. 5 Necrotizing fasciitis is characterized by rapid destruction of tissue, systemic toxicity, and, if not treated aggressively, gross morbidity and mortality. Early diagnosis and aggressive surgical treatment reduces risk; however, it is often difficult to diagnose NF, and sometimes patients are treated for simple cellulitis until they rapidly deteriorate. 6 Antibiotic therapy is mandatory, and early surgical exploration and debridement is critical to ensuring a good outcome. Necrotizing fasciitis is uncommon and no randomized controlled trials or meta-analyses were available. As such, the evidence presented here is level II and III. A PubMed search was conducted using the key words necrotizing fasciitis and necrotizing soft tissue infections, both also paired with early diagnosis. We limited our search to articles in English and human studies. Additional articles were identified from key references within articles. Google Scholar was used to search for historic texts by Wilson and Jones. 4 , 5 Main message Classification Different terms and classifications have been used to describe necrotizing infections of the skin and subcutaneous tissue. These include necrotizing fasciitis, synergistic necrotizing cellulitis, streptococcal myonecrosis, and gas gangrene. This variety of classifications and terminology has been based on affected anatomy, microbial cause, and depth of infection. Awareness of this helps to reduce confusion. Terms like necrotizing fasciitis, myonecrosis, and necrotizing adipositis refer to classification by depth of infection. Type 1 and type 2 infections refer to classification based on microbial cause. Historically, necrotizing infections were classified according to anatomical sites. Fournier gangrene (involving the perineum) and Ludwig angina (involving submandibular and sublingual spaces) are examples. These infections were named after the physicians who first described them.7,8 Although these descriptive terms are useful, they cause much confusion. One recently proposed recommendation suggested that the term necrotizing soft tissue infections should be used to describe them all, as treatment is the same: early surgery and broad spectrum antibiotics.9 For the purposes of this article, however, the more familiar term necrotizing fasciitis will be used. Microbiology Microbiologically, NF has been classified as either type 1 (polymicrobial) or type 2 (monomicrobial).10 Polymicrobial infections are more common, with cultures yielding a mixture of aerobic and anaerobic organisms.11 These infections typically occur in the perineum and trunk. The isolates reflect normal skin commensalism found adjacent to the site of infection. For example, in NF of the perineum, anaerobic bacteria are isolated. The etiologic isolates consist of Gram-positive organisms, such as Staphylococcus aureus, S pyogenes, and enterococci; Gram-negative aerobes, such as Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas species; and anaerobic organisms, such as Bacteroides or Clostridium species.12,13 Type 1 NF occurs in immunocompromised individuals, such as patients with diabetes mellitus or chronic renal failure. Monomicrobial infections are less common than the polymicrobial variety. These typically occur in the limbs and afflict healthy patients with no implicative comorbidities. There is often a history of trauma, frequently trivial. As S pyogenes and S aureus are the usual pathogens, type 2 NF might be associated with toxic shock syndrome.9 Community-acquired methicillinresistant S aureus (MRSA) has increasingly been described in NF. A recent retrospective review of cases from 2000 to 2006 in Los Angeles, Calif, showed MRSA isolated in one-third of cases.13 Pathology Most cases commence with trauma to the skin surface (eg, from a penetrative injury or even acupuncture needles, as was the case with our patient), with seeding of bacteria. Infection starts in the deep tissue planes, and the epidermis might not be initially affected. The clinical disease is expressed when infective organisms spread through the tissue along the deep fascia. Bacteria rapidly multiply within viable tissue, although fibrous attachments between subcutaneous tissues and fasciae limit spread to areas like the hands, feet, and scalp. Lack of fibrous attachments in the trunk and limbs, however, can lead to widespread infection and tissue destruction. Infection also spreads to venous and lymphatic channels, leading to edema. The spread of bacteria results in thrombosis of blood vessels in dermal papilla, resulting in ischemia and gangrene of subcutaneous fat and dermis.14 If the fascia is breached, infection of the muscle leading to myositis occurs. Gas-producing organisms such as Clostridium species can give rise to subcutaneous gas, from which stems the descriptive term gas gangrene. In addition, infections with toxin-producing bacteria (S aureus and S pyogenes) can lead to a toxic shocklike syndrome. Therefore, seemingly limited infection can result in septic shock and multiorgan failure. Risk factors Often, patients presenting with NF have some predisposition to infection. Immunocompromise, advanced age, peripheral vascular disease, and obesity are some predisposing factors. Box 1 lists known risk factors. In a Singapore study, 70.3% of patients with NF had diabetes mellitus.1 Most patients have a history of trauma, or there might be a history of surgery or penetrating injury. However, the injury can be quite trivial; eg, insect bites or scratches. As in the case we described, NF has even been reported after acupuncture.15 This type of specific history (further examples of which are summarized in ) is often only obtained if the physician directly questions the patient; otherwise, patients are likely to neglect or forget to mention it. Box 1 Risk factors for necrotizing fasciitis Diabetes Chronic disease Immunosuppressive drugs (eg, prednisolone) Malnutrition Age > 60 years Intravenous drug misuse Peripheral vascular disease Renal failure Underlying malignancy Obesity Table 2 TRAUMATIC NONTRAUMATIC Surgery Soft tissue infection Minor invasive procedures (eg, joint aspirations, acupuncture Burns Intravenous drug use Childbirth Penetrating injuries (eg, insect and animal bites) Open in a separate window Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug use has been implicated in severe necrotizing streptococcal infections. It is postulated that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs impair lymphocyte function.16 However, it could also be that suppression of symptoms and signs of inflammation leads to later diagnosis, especially in patients presenting early with nonspecific symptoms.17 Risk factors for NF in the pediatric population include malnutrition and skin infections such as varicella.18,19 It is important to emphasize that physicians should not rule out NF in normal healthy patients with minor dermatologic trauma. These are the cases that get missed, and which are often sensationalized. Clinical features Patients with NF can present with constitutional symptoms of sepsis (eg, fever, tachycardia, altered mental state, diabetic ketoacidosis) alone or with evidence of skin inflammation, which makes diagnosis a little more straightforward. Limbs are among the most common sites of infection. According to a retrospective review of patients treated for NF in 3 tertiary hospitals in Canada, common sites of infection included the lower extremities (28%), upper extremities (27%), perineum (21%), trunk (18%), and the head and neck (5%).20 As NF first starts in the deep tissue planes, at initial presentation there might be minimal epidermal involvement. This can make it difficult to differentiate from non-necrotizing skin infections and cellulitis. Patients with NF are usually systemically toxic, initially presenting with fever (temperature greater than 38C), tachycardia, diaphoresis, and possibly even an altered mental state or diabetic ketoacidosis. The physical examination should include all parts of the body to search for skin inflammation. This is especially necessary for patients who present with sepsis of which the source is not obvious. The perineum and oral cavity are areas that can be easily missed.21 Most patients present with signs of skin inflammation (ie, pain, skin edema, and erythema). However, as these are also present in less serious conditions such as erysipelas and cellulitis, the degree of pain relative to the skin condition might provide the physician with cluesNF typically presents with pain out of proportion to the degree of skin inflammation. Erysipelas, being an infection of the superficial dermis, has well-defined borders and might blister profoundly. With cellulitis, one can expect erythema with lymphangitis and minimal blistering. Necrotizing fasciitis typically presents with patchy discolouration of the skin with pain and swelling, but without a defined margin or lymphangitis.14,22 Progression of NF is marked with the development of tense edema, a grayish-brown discharge, vesicles, bullae, necrosis, and crepitus.23 Hemorrhagic bullae and crepitus are sinister signs, with the likelihood of underlying fascia and muscle being compromised.24 Crepitus is a later sign, however, and is found in only about 18% of cases of NF.12 Although crepitus and blistering are the most specific signs of necrotizing soft tissue infection, they are not sensitive. Two retrospective case series, by Wang et al6 and Elliot et al,25 reported an absence of crepitus in 62% to 63% of cases and an absence of blistering in 76% to 95% of cases upon initial presentation. As mentioned earlier, lymphangitis and lymphadenopathy are absent in necrotizing infections, but they remain features of cellulitis.14,22 Localized pain is another clue to NF. As the disease is a deep-seated infection, the epidermis is minimally involved at initial presentation. The patient might complain of pain out of proportion to the degree of dermal involvement or pain that extends past the apparent margin of infection.23 The pain patients experience with cellulitis can be assuaged with acetaminophen with codeine or a similar analgesic, along with careful positioning of the affected area. The pain experienced with NF, on the other hand, is often severe, and patients can be exceedingly apprehensive and fearful when examined. However, certain patients, notably those with diabetic neuropathy with loss of sensation, can experience minimal pain, resulting in a missed diagnosis. This is especially likely in concealed sites of infection, such as the perineum or oral cavity. 14,2226 lists clinical features indicative of NF. Table 3 SKIN PAIN GENERAL Erythema with ill-defined margins Pain that extends past margin of apparent infection Fever with toxic appearance Tense edema with grayish or brown discharge Severe pain that appears disproportionate to physical findings Altered mental state Lack of lymphangitis or lymphadenopathy Decreased pain or anesthesia at apparent site of infection Tachycardia Vesicles or bullae, hemorrhagic bullae Tachypnea due to acidosis Necrosis Presentation with DKA or HHNK Crepitus Open in a separate window A patch of anesthesia over the site of erythema is also sometimes described in NF. This is thought to be due to infarction of cutaneous nerves in necrotic subcutaneous fascia and soft tissue.26 Disease progression Necrotizing fasciitis can follow a hyperacute or a subacute course of progression. The patient with a hyperacute course presents with sepsis and rapidly progresses to multiorgan failure. Diagnosis of sepsis is obvious, and these patients are hospitalized. Several authors have described a subacute variation of NF.2729 These patients have an indolent disease course, with festering soft tissue infection. After the infection reaches a certain threshold, sudden deterioration is an important clinical feature. Aggressive surgical debridement is the cornerstone of treatment in these cases. Progression of disease is invariable in this group, and a delay in diagnosis can lead to greater soft tissue loss and mortality.2729 In summary, Wong et al describe this entity of subacute NF as having a slow indolent course with an absence of systemic disturbance, gradual tissue necrosis with progressive cutaneous changes over the affected site, and progression of disease despite use of antimicrobial medications, followed by a sudden deterioration with rapid progression of NF or systemic features of sepsis. At the time of surgery, histologic features are consistent with NF.28 Subacute NF can present a diagnostic dilemma, and the primary care physician, as the likely first point of contact, should be aware of this. Hospitalization Primary care physicians have to use clinical judgment to decide which patients who present with evidence of skin inflammation should be hospitalized or receive further evaluation. As mentioned earlier, only 15% to 34% of patients with a discharge diagnosis of necrotizing skin and subcutaneous infection had an admitting diagnosis of NF.1,2 Further, some patients with non-necrotizing soft tissue infections will require admission. Studies of patients with soft tissue infection showed that a history of diabetes mellitus, pyrexia, hand infections, and an area of inflammation greater than 70 cm2 are independent predictors of hospitalization.30 Hospitalization is indicated for patients with soft tissue infections accompanied by signs and symptoms of systemic toxicity (fever, hypothermia, tachycardia [heart rate more than 100 beats/min]), hypotension (systolic blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg or more than 20 mm Hg below baseline), an altered mental state, severe infection (including those requiring formal operative intervention), intractable nausea and vomiting, immunocompromise, failure of outpatient therapy, and poor social support. The latest Infectious Diseases Society of America skin and soft tissue infection guidelines indicate that hospitalization should be considered in patients with hypotension and/or an elevated creatinine level, low serum bicarbonate level, elevated creatine phosphokinase level (23 times the upper limit of normal), marked left shift, or a C-reactive protein level more than 13 mg/L.31 In the early stages of NF, cutaneous manifestations are a continuum, but signs and symptoms evolve over time.6 Even if, at first encounter, the physician might diagnose uncomplicated cellulitis, it is prudent to advise early review if symptoms or signs progress. Diagnosis and decision for surgical exploration The criterion standard for diagnosis of NF is histology of tissue specimens obtained during surgical exploration, which was demonstrated in our case description. During surgical exploration, tissue integrity and depth of invasion can be assessed. Fascial necrosis and loss of fascial integrity indicate a necrotizing infection. Muscle involvement and necrosis are indicative of an advanced stage. To help decide which patients require surgical exploration, particularly in those with equivocal clinical signs, laboratory and radiologic tests might sometimes be useful. Leukocytosis with neutrophilia, acidosis, altered coagulation profile, impaired renal function, raised creatinine kinase levels, and raised inflammatory markers, such as C-reactive protein levels, are all helpful if viewed within the whole of the clinical context. Clinical scores like the laboratory risk indicator for NF (LRINEC) score are available to help diagnose NF and differentiate it from other skin and soft tissue infections (14,2226 and 49,32). A score of 6 and above (intermediate or high risk) suggests NF. The patient in our case scored 7. In a study by Brogan et al,19 an intermediate to high risk of NF had a positive predictive value of 92% and a negative predictive value of 96%. However, the LRINEC score was based on retrospective studies of patients with diagnosed or highly suspected NF. It has not been validated in patients for whom the diagnosis of NF is not apparent in the initial assessment. Further, certain tests, such as the C-reactive protein test, are not readily available in the primary care setting, where patients present with infection in the early stages and where laboratory support is limited; therefore, this score is not easily ascertained. Blood cultures are usually part of the workup in hospital and might yield up to 27.3% positive cultures in necrotizing infections,11 compared with the mere 2% positive blood culture yield in patients with cellulitis.33 Plain x-ray films can demonstrate subcutaneous gas, but this is a specific not a sensitive finding (positive in fewer than 25% of cases) and absence of gas does not exclude NF.15 Computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) might be useful in cases where signs are equivocal or diagnosis is in doubt. Asymmetrical fascial thickening, fat stranding, and gas tracking along fascial planes are important imaging findings. Computed tomography scans are estimated to have a sensitivity of 80% for detecting necrotizing soft tissue infections.34 In cases of cellulitis, MRI will demonstrate subcutaneous thickening with fluid collection. However, when there is deep fascia involvement with fluid collection, thickening, and enhancement after contrast administration, necrotizing infections must be considered.33 According to Schmid et al,35 the sensitivity of MRI is 100% with a specificity of 86%. This has been disputed, and other authors have argued that in early cases of NF, MRI might not show fascial involvement.36 In summary, if clinical suspicion is high, surgeons can opt to explore and perform tissue biopsies rather than delay treatment for imaging studies. Additional bedside tests include needle aspiration and incision biopsy. Negative results, however, cannot exclude NF. Surgical exploration is preferable. It must be emphasized that diagnosis of NF is clinical, and the clinician should draw information from both the patients condition and the aggregate of tests. Physicians should have a high index of suspicion and low threshold for surgical referral. Macroscopic findings during surgical exploration include gray necrotic tissue, lack of bleeding, thrombosed vessels, dishwater pus, noncontracting muscle, and a positive finger test result, which is characterized by lack of resistance to finger dissection in normally adherent tissues.9 Treatment Once the diagnosis is made, treatment must begin on multiple fronts. First, surgical consultations should be urgently requested with the intention of early wound debridement for collection of tissue cultures, excision of all nonviable tissue, and delineation of the extent of the disease. (This is also important as tissue hypoxia limits the efficacy of intravenous antibiotics, which was demonstrated in our patienther fever did not break despite intravenous antibiotics until the wound debridement and fasciotomy were complete.) Patients are often incredulous at the preoperative briefing when told they need an extensive operation for their skin infection; it is important to educate them about the gravity of their condition and the risk of increased mortality if surgical debridement is not performed. Until blood culture results are available, wide spectrum coverage with intravenous antibiotics (with an awareness of resistance in the patient population being treated) is started. These antibiotics cover S pyogenes, S aureus (including community-acquired MRSA if indicated, according to local resistance patterns), and Gram-negative aerobes and anaerobes as clinically indicated. In particular, Gram-negative organisms would be suspected in perineal and abdominal wall wounds, necrotic diabetic foot ulcers, and in heavily contaminated wounds associated with devitalizing major trauma. Hyperbaric oxygen has also been used as an adjunct to surgery and antibiotics. Its role is still ill-defined. Some authors have reported a reduction in mortality, morbidity, and need for repeated debridement in up to two-thirds of cases.37,38 Well-controlled randomized controlled trials are still lacking. Moreover, a retrospective review by Golger et al showed that morbidity associated with NF was higher in patients who underwent hyperbaric oxygen therapy.20 In type 2 NF caused by streptococci resulting in streptococcal toxic shock syndrome, intravenous immunoglobulins might play a therapeutic role. Recently, a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of intravenous immunoglobulins in streptococcal toxic shock syndrome. The trial was prematurely stopped because of poor recruitment, but it showed 3.6-fold higher mortality in the placebo group compared with the treatment group.39 Prognosis Mortality due to NF is considerable. Without surgical intervention, mortality approaches 100%. When necrotizing infections were first described by Jones, mortality was reported as 46%.4 More recent data indicate a mortality of 16.4% for community-acquired necrotizing soft tissue infections40 and 36.3% for postprocedural necrotizing infections.41 All of these patients were managed in hospital with intravenous antibiotics and surgical interventions; considering medical progress in the last 135 years, mortality is still substantial. Mortality is higher in patients with streptococcal toxic shock syndrome. Diabetic patients, especially those presenting with diabetic ketoacidosis or hyperosmolar hyperglycemic nonketotic acidosis have higher rates of death and longer lengths of hospital stay.42 A delay in surgery of more than 24 hours was an independent risk factor for mortality.1 There is also considerable postoperative morbidity, sometimes from extensive debridement resulting in muscle loss. Patients might have to undergo a period of rehabilitation to regain function of the affected areas. Scarring and disfigurement can also be substantial. <N> Story highlights Robert Richards was convicted of raping toddler daughter in 2009 Court decided Richards would "not fare well" in prison His 8-year sentence was suspended and he was given 8 years of probation Though Robert H. Richards IV was convicted of rape, the wealthy heir to the du Pont family fortune was spared prison by a Delaware court in 2009 because he would "not fare well" behind bars, according to court documents CNN obtained Tuesday. Richards is a great-grandson of the chemical magnate Irenee du Pont. He received an eight-year prison sentence in 2009 for raping his toddler daughter, but the sentencing order signed by a Delaware judge said "defendant will not fare well" in prison and the eight years were suspended. Richards was placed on eight years' probation and ordered to get treatment and register as a sex offender, the documents show. He was also prohibited from having contact with children under 16, including his own children. The documents were never sealed, yet the ruling managed to go unnoticed until March, when Richards' former wife, Tracy Richards, filed a lawsuit in Delaware Superior Court on behalf of their children alleging "personal injuries arising from the childhood sexual abuse." The 11-page suit alleges that not only was their daughter abused, but Richards abused their son, too. The suit seeks unspecified monetary damages. While he was convicted of raping his daughter, Richards has never been charged with sexually molesting his son, according to Jason Miller, a spokesman for the Delaware attorney general's office. CNN tried repeatedly to reach Richards and Eugene Maurer, the attorney who represented him in 2009. Maurer is no longer representing Richards, his assistant told CNN on Wednesday. CNN asked if he had a comment; he has not offered one. Attorney John C. Balaguer is representing Richards in the civil case, his assistant told CNN. Balaguer has not returned e-mails or voice mail messages CNN has left for him. This week, after news of Richards' 2009 case came to light, many took to Twitter to criticize the judge in the case, saying that it echoed a recent Texas case in which a wealthy teenager driving drunk killed four people but received no jail time. Ethan Couch was sentenced last year to 10 years' probation. A witness in Couch's case claimed the teenager was a victim of "affluenza" -- the product of wealthy, privileged parents who never set limits for the boy. Delaware's Judicial Code of Conduct prohibits Judge Jan R. Jurden from discussing the 2009 ruling with reporters, court spokeswoman Amy Quinlan told CNN. But at least one member of the Delaware legal community came to Jurden's defense Tuesday. "It's wrong to attribute (the 'defendant would not fare well' comment) to Judge Jurden," said Richard Kirk, a lawyer who is chairman of a Delaware State Bar Association committee that he says steps up to respond "when judges are criticized and unable to speak for themselves." Kirk says the argument that Richards would not do well in prison could have been the recommendation of probation or parole officers. However, he said, "common sense suggests that it came from defense counsel." As for the prosecutor's side, the attorney general's spokesman gave CNN a written statement. "Cases of child sexual abuse are extremely complicated and difficult," it read. The objective is to "secure justice in every case to the best of its ability given the unique facts and circumstances presented in each case -- sometimes that results in a resolution that is less than what prosecutors would want," the statement read. "In this particular case, the facts and circumstances made it unlikely that a conviction could be secured at trial. ...This resolution protected the victim and imposed conditions that would make it less likely the defendant could harm others." <N> Robert H. Richards IV (Photo: Courtesy) The du Pont family heir who raped his 3-year-old daughter has reached a tentative settlement with his former wife in a sexual abuse lawsuit she filed on behalf of their two children, according to court records. Attorneys for Tracy Richards filed a motion Friday seeking approval of the proposed settlement with Robert H. Richards IV in Sussex County Superior Court. A hearing before Judge Richard F. Stokes, which will be closed to the public, is set for Tuesday. The motion was filed under seal, said Thomas Neuberger, one of Tracy Richards' attorneys, who said he could not provide details. John D. Balaguer, attorney for Robert Richards, could not be reached late Friday. If Stokes approves the terms, the settlement would mark a swift end to a case that shocked many inside and out of Delaware's legal system. RELATED: Unequal Justice: Du Pont heir's rape sentence uncommon Richards, 48, who avoided prison after pleading guilty to the rape of his daughter, is a scion not only of the family that built a worldwide chemical empire in Delaware but also one that founded the prominent Wilmington law firm Richards Layton & Finger. Depositions had been scheduled this month for Richards and his parents, former Richards Layton & Finger partner Robert H. Richards III and his wife Wendy. But the court docket shows that both depositions were canceled. Tracy Richards (Photo: JENNIFER CORBETT/THE NEWS JOURNA) Tracy Richards' lawsuit, filed March 11, sought unspecified compensatory and punitive damages for assault, negligence and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress on her children. Richards IV, who was originally charged with two counts of second-degree rape with a minimum of 20 years behind bars, pleaded guilty in 2008 to fourth-degree rape of his daughter. Fourth-degree rape carries no minimum prison time and sentencing guidelines used by judges and prosecutors urge zero to 30 months in prison. The lawsuit also accused Richards IV of sexually abusing his toddler son around the same time he assaulted his daughter, but he has never been charged with a crime involving his son. The lawsuit cites statements that Richards made while on probation as evidence that he admitted in April 2010 that he sexually abused his son, who is now 10. Those assaults began around December 2005, when the boy was 19 months old, and continued for about two years, the lawsuit said. CLOSE Robert H. Richards IV, a du Pont family heir who raped his 3-year-old daughter nearly a decade ago but received no prison time now faces a lawsuit from his former wife that accuses him of sexually abusing his toddler son. (3/18/14) Police investigated a claim of abuse in 2010 without arresting Richards but authorities reopened the investigation after the lawsuit was filed. The lawsuit's allegations came six years after Richards pleaded guilty in a criminal case that had not received media coverage. The fact that a man of great financial privilege never went to prison and that his sentencing judge, Superior Court Judge Jan R. Jurden, noted in her order that he "will not fare well in prison'' generated outrage in Delaware and beyond. Jurden noted in her sentencing order for Richards that he "will not fare well in prison" and ordered probation. Jurden's notation incorporated an argument made by Richards' defense lawyer, Eugene J. Maurer Jr.. The judge's words led to a barrage of criticism and threats against Jurden, leading authorities to give her a security detail. Several members of Delaware's legal community rushed to her defense. Jurden, who was a candidate for a Supreme Court vacancy, did not receive the appointment. Jurden gave Richards eight years of probation and ordered him to get treatment at an expensive mental hospital near Boston, although he never went to the out-of-state center. Richards is still on probation. Staff reporter James Fisher contributed. Contact senior reporter Cris Barrish at (302) 324-2785, _EMAIL_ or on Facebook. Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> McLennan County Jail (CBS/AP) WACO, Texas - A jury has sentenced a Waco man convicted of stealing a $35 rack of ribs to 50 years in prison. But no, it wasn't the only crime he ever committed. Forty-three-year-old Willie Smith Ward was convicted and sentenced on robbery charges Wednesday, May 29. The Waco Tribune-Herald reports that Ward also threatened a grocery store employee who tried to stop him from stealing the rack of pork ribs in 2011. The employee testified that Ward told him he had a knife. The jury recommended Ward be sentenced as a habitual criminal. Ward has previous felony convictions for burglary, attempted robbery, aggravated assault, leaving the scene of an accident and possession of cocaine, and four misdemeanor convictions, including two thefts. He must serve at least a quarter of his sentence before he's eligible for parole. That's adds up to more than 12 years before he might get another whack at a rack of ribs. <N> Being charged with a crime in Arizona is as scary and intimidating as it is anywhere else. But each state has its own criminal laws and Arizona is no different. If you have been implicated in an Arizona crime, you need skilled, aggressive criminal defense by your side. Only a criminal defense lawyer in Arizona understands the criminal court processes and laws well enough to fully protect your rights. But do not wait until you charges are filed. Contact an Arizona criminal defense lawyer when you are still under suspicion. Do not second-guess the process or whether you will even Read More <N> Return to Search Results Offender Information Details SID Number: 08657408 TDCJ Number: 01866061 Name: WARD,WILLIE SMITH Race: B Gender: M DOB: 1969-10-29 Maximum Sentence Date: 2061-09-30 Current Facility: MCCONNELL Projected Release Date: 2061-09-30 Parole Eligibility Date: 2017-01-20 Offender Visitation Eligible: NO The offender is temporarily ineligible for visitation. Please call the offender's unit for any additional information. The visitation information is updated once daily during weekdays and multiple times per day on visitation days. SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR SCHEDULED RELEASE: Scheduled Release Date: Offender is not scheduled for release at this time. Scheduled Release Type: Will be determined when release date is scheduled. Scheduled Release Location: Will be determined when release date is scheduled. Parole Review Information Offense History: Offense Date Offense Sentence Date County Case No. Sentence (YY-MM-DD) 2011-09-30 ROBBERY 2013-05-29 MCLENNAN 2011-2338-C1 50-00-00 Return to Search Results The Texas Department of Criminal Justice updates this information regularly to ensure that it is complete and accurate, however this information can change quickly. Therefore, the information on this site may not reflect the true current location, status, scheduled termination date, or other information regarding an offender. For questions and comments, you may contact the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, at (936) 295-6371 or _EMAIL_ This information is made available to the public and law enforcement in the interest of public safety. Any unauthorized use of this information is forbidden and subject to criminal prosecution. New Offender Search <N> Parole Review Information Name: SID Number: TDCJ Number: WARD,WILLIE SMITH 08657408 01866061 Parole Review Status Not in Parole Review The offender is currently not in the review process. Last Parole Decision Denied on 01/11/2017 NEXT REVIEW (01/2019)- Deny favorable parole action and set for next review. Denial reason(s): 1D, 2D, 7D 1D CRIMINAL HISTORY - THE RECORD INDICATES THAT THE OFFENDER HAS REPEATEDLY COMMITTED CRIMINAL EPISODES THAT INDICATE A PREDISPOSITION TO COMMIT CRIMINAL ACTS UPON RELEASE. 2D NATURE OF OFFENSE - THE RECORD INDICATES THE INSTANT OFFENSE HAS ELEMENTS OF BRUTALITY, VIOLENCE, ASSAULTIVE BEHAVIOR, OR CONSCIOUS SELECTION OF VICTIM'S VULNERABILITY INDICATING A CONSCIOUS DISREGARD FOR THE LIVES, SAFETY, OR PROPERTY OF OTHERS, SUCH THAT THE OFFENDER POSES A CONTINUING THREAT TO PUBLIC SAFETY. 7D TIME SERVED - THE RECORD INDICATES THAT LENGTH OF TIME SERVED BY THE OFFENDER IS NOT CONGRUENT WITH OFFENSE SEVERITY AND CRIMINAL HISTORY. Next Parole Review Date 01/2019 Return to Offender Details For questions and comments concerning Parole Review Information, please contact the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles at 844-512-0461 or _EMAIL_ This information is made available to the public and law enforcement in the interest of public safety. Any unauthorized use of this information is forbidden and subject to criminal prosecution. The Texas Department of Criminal Justice updates this website regularly to ensure it is complete and accurate  please be aware, this information can change unexpectedly. This website is regenerated on working days only and the offender status information is at least 24 hours old. Therefore, details about an offender's parole review information may not accurately reflect "real time" status. For technical difficulties with the search, please email: _EMAIL_ and explain the problem you hare having. We will address the issue as quickly as possible. <N>    Weed is having a profound and disturbing effect on some long-term users Cannabis is having a truly hideous effect on some unlucky stoners in the US, where it has recently been legalized in some states. Doctors said users have been taken to hospital after suffering extreme bouts of scromiting  which means they are screaming and vomiting at the same time. This new word was invented by staff at emergency rooms across the US, who are seeing more and more people turn up yelling in pain and throwing up all over the place. Its believed the scromiting is caused by a condition called Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome (CHS) which affects people who have consumed weed for a long period of time. The illness is not properly understood, but its known that the only guaranteed way to stop it is for sufferers to give up smoking cannabis altogether. Some people also get temporary relief by taking a hot bath.    If you find yourself scromiting after too much weed, you might want to take a bath and think about giving up cannabis (Picture: Getty) Chalfonte LeNee Queen, a 47-year-old from San Diego, has experienced this grim condition. She said the pain was sometimes so bad that she ended up on the floor, retching and wracked with pain. Ive cried out for my mom, whos been dead for 20 years, mentally not realizing she cant come to me. The illness strikes users who have been smoking regularly for a long time, with one study suggesting people would need to consume cannabis between three and fives time a day to develop CHS. The syndrome was first described in 2004 by Allen and colleagues and is characterized by chronic cannabis use, cyclic episodes of nausea and vomiting, and the learned behaviour of hot bathing, doctors wrote.    Doctors have been stunned by the new condition, which appears to be becoming more common in America after the herb was legalised (Photo: AFP) Its been suggested that CHS is caused by a build-up of cannabinoids in the body over a long period of time. This may affect the function of cannabinoid receptors in a part of the brain called the hypothalamus which regulates the digestive system and body temperature. The cannabis magazine High Times gave the following description of the illness : Often mistakenly called Cyclical Vomiting Syndrome, Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome is a rare form of cannabinoid toxicity that develops in chronic smokers. Its characterized by cyclic episodes of debilitating nausea and vomiting. People who suffer from the syndrome often find that hot showers relieve their symptoms, and will compulsively bathe during episodes of nausea and vomiting. Symptoms stop after cessation of cannabis use. <N> Abstract Coinciding with the increasing rates of cannabis abuse has been the recognition of a new clinical condition known as Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome is characterized by chronic cannabis use, cyclic episodes of nausea and vomiting, and frequent hot bathing. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome occurs by an unknown mechanism. Despite the well-established anti-emetic properties of marijuana, there is increasing evidence of its paradoxical effects on the gastrointestinal tract and CNS. Tetrahydrocannabinol, cannabidiol, and cannabigerol are three cannabinoids found in the cannabis plant with opposing effects on the emesis response. The clinical course of Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome may be divided into three phases: prodromal, hyperemetic, and recovery phase. The hyperemetic phase usually ceases within 48 hours, and treatment involves supportive therapy with fluid resuscitation and anti-emetic medications. Patients often demonstrate the learned behavior of frequent hot bathing, which produces temporary cessation of nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain. The broad differential diagnosis of nausea and vomiting often leads to delay in the diagnosis of Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome. Cyclic Vomiting Syndrome shares several similarities with CHS and the two conditions are often confused. Knowledge of the epidemiology, pathophysiology, and natural course of Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome is limited and requires further investigation. Keywords: Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome, Cannabis, Marijuana, Nausea, Vomiting Epidemiology and Introduction Cannabis is the most commonly used illicit drug in the United States with over 16.7 million users in 2009 [1]. The 1825 year old age group has the highest prevalence of marijuana use [1]. Each year 2.6 million Americans become new users. The majority of these individuals are less than nineteen years of age [2]. Similarly in Europe, cannabis use is prominent among young adults, with a prevalence that has increased from 5% in 1990 to 15% in 2005 [3]. While the overall prevalence of marijuana use has remained stable in the United States at 4%, the prevalence of cannabis use disorders (i.e. cannabis dependence, cannabis abuse) has continued to rise [4]. Risk factors for developing cannabis use disorders include male race, lower income, living in a Western culture, and being separated, divorced, or widowed [5]. Coinciding with the increasing rates of cannabis abuse has been the recognition of a new clinical condition known as Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome (CHS). The syndrome was first described in 2004 by Allen and colleagues and is characterized by chronic cannabis use, cyclic episodes of nausea and vomiting, and the learned behavior of hot bathing [6]. This review will provide an overview of cannabinoid pharmacology that focuses on the properties that may contribute to CHS. We review a clinical description of CHS and a proposed clinical evaluation including differential diagnosis and treatment modalities. We conclude with a discussion regarding the shortcomings in our knowledge and suggestions for areas of future research Clinical Presentation, work up and differential diagnosis of Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome Two case series and numerous individual case reports have been published on Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome (CHS) ( ). Patients present with recurrent episodes of nausea, vomiting, and dehydration with frequent visits to the emergency department. [6,5162]. Patients are typically young adults with a long history of cannabis use. In nearly all cases there is a delay of several years in the onset of symptoms preceded by chronic marijuana abuse [6]. In one study the average duration of cannabis use prior to onset of recurrent vomiting was 16.3  3.4 years [62]. There are at least four reported cases where the time lag was equal to or less than three years [54,59,60]. Daily marijuana use is characteristic and often reported as exceeding three to five times per day. Table 1 Publication Year Country n Gender Age Started (y) Frequency (joints/day) Age of presentation (y) Illness duration (y) Prodromal Illness Abdominal Pain Hot Bathing (No./day) Weight Loss (Kg) Allen J. Cannabinoid hyperemesis: cyclical hyperemesis in association with chronic cannabis abuse 2004 Australia 9 - 15.7 (1219) 88% (510) 24.6 (1444) 4.7 (0.512) 33% - 77% 66% (10) Soriano M. The Cannabis Hyperemesis Syndrome characterized by persistent nausea and vomiting, abdominal pain, and compulsive bathing associated with chronic marijuana use: A report of eight cases in the United States 2010 US 8 M (62.5%) 13.3 (920) 75% (310) 34.1 (2135) 2.6 (18) 100% 100% 100% (38) 75% (10) Patterson D. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis and compulsive bathing: A case series and paradoxical pathophysiological explanation 2010 US 4 M (100%) 18.7 (1527) 75% (4)* 25.5 (1839) 4.75 (8m9) - 50%* 50% - Donnino M. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis: A case series 2009 US 3 M (100%) 33.5 (2351)* 66% (24) 29.6 (2049) 2.3 (23) - Yes Yes - Miller J. Pediatric Cannabinoid Hyperemesis 2010 US 2 M (50%) 17.5 (1718) Daily 16* 2* - Yes* Yes - Chang Y. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis relieved by compulsive bathing 2009 US 2 - 16 (1418) Daily 17 (1420) 8.5 (79) - Yes Yes - Seraina M. Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome: an underreported entity causing nausea and vomiting of pregnancy 2010 Switzerland 1 F 23 Daily 20 3 - - Yes - Sannarangappa V. Cannabinoid hyperemesis 2009 Australia 1 M 19 8 24 10 - - Yes - Sontineni S. Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome: Clinical diagnosis of an underrecognised manifestation of chronic cannabis abuse 2009 US 1 M 16 Daily 22 2 months - Yes Yes - Watts M. Cannabinoid hyperemesis presenting to a New Zealand hospital 2009 New Zeeland 1 M 18 Daily 29 3 - Yes Yes - Budhraja V. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome: Cyclic vomiting, chronic cannabis use, and compulsive bathing 2008 US 1 M 16 Daily 18 8 months - Yes Yes - Wallace D. Cannabinoid hyperemesis: marijuana puts patients in hot water 2007 Australia 1 M 14 1g/12 day 25 5 - Yes Yes - Singh E. Cannabinoid Hyperemesis 2006 US 1 M Childhood 4 43 3 - Yes Yes 9 Roche E. Cannabinoid hyperemesis: not just a problem in Adelaide Hills 2005 UK 1 - - - - 2 - - Yes - Open in a separate window Publication Laboratory UDS (+) EGD GES Psychiatric Dx Cannabis Cessation (length) Resolution of Symptoms Weight Gain (Kg) Cannabis Resumption Recurrence of symptoms Allen J. et al 2004 44% (Leukocytosis) 100% 44% (gastritis) 1 (delayed); 2 (normal); rest (N/A) - 77% (948 months) Yes 66% (5) 55% Yes Soriano M. et al 2010 12.5% (Leukocytosis) - 75% (esophagitis) 1 (normal) 25% (depression, panic attacks) 62.5% (N/A) Yes (80%) 80% (5) 25% Yes Patterson D. et al 2010 25% (Hypokalemia) 50% * 75% (gastritis) - - 100% (1m-1) Yes - 100% Yes Donnino M. et al 2009 Hypokalemia Yes 1 (Normal)* - - 66% (214 months) Yes - - - Miller J. et al 2010 Hypokalemia Yes Esophageal rings, gastritis - ADHD, depression 1 month* Yes - - - Chang Y, Windish D. 2009 Leukocytosis Yes Normal Delayed Bipolar Disorder - - - - - Seraina M. et al 2010 Normal Yes - - Psychogenic vomiting (?) Yes Yes - - - Sannarangappa V, Tan C. 2009 Leukocytosis, AKI - Normal - - 2 - - - - Sontineni S. et al 2009 Normal Yes Esophagitis, Hiatal hernia - - Yes Yes - - - Watts M. 2009 Normal - Normal - - - - - - - Budhraja V. et al 2008 Hypokalemia Yes Gastritis - - 5 months Yes - - - Wallace D. et al 2007 Normal - Normal - Anxiety, depression, OCD 2 Yes Yes - - Singh E, Coyle W. 2006 Normal - - - - 4 months Yes - - - Roche E, Foster P. 2005 Neutrophilia - Esophagitis - - 3 Yes - - - Open in a separate window CHS is a recurrent disorder interspersed with symptom-free intervals. It has been proposed to divide CHS into three phases: pre-emetic or prodromal, hyperemetic, and recovery phase [6,62]. The prodromal phase can last for months or years with patients developing early morning nausea, a fear of vomiting, and abdominal discomfort [62]. In this stage patients maintain normal eating patterns, and may increase or continue the use of cannabis because of the believed beneficial effects on relieving nausea [52,56]. The hyperemetic phase is characterized by paroxysms of intense and persistent nausea and vomiting, commonly described as overwhelming and incapacitating. Patients vomit profusely, often without warning and can vomit and retch up to five times per hour [62]. Most patients also present with diffuse but relatively mild abdominal pain. In one series approximately 70% of patients reported marked weight loss of at least 5 kg during their illness [6]. In the emergency department patients are found to be dehydrated but hemodynamically stable. They undergo an extensive diagnostic work up, including laboratory and imaging studies which, in the majority of cases, are unrevealing. During the hyperemetic phase patients stereotypically take numerous hot showers throughout the day. This idiosyncratic behavior appears to be learned and is repeatedly used as the only alleviating measure to control symptoms and rapidly becomes a compulsive behavior. The recovery phase can last for days, weeks, or months and is associated with relative wellness and normal eating patterns. Weight is regained and bathing returns to regular frequency. Patients with CHS usually remain misdiagnosed for a considerable time period. In one case series the average number of emergency room visits (7.1  4.3) prior to diagnosis and the delay in diagnosis (for up to 9 years) was substantial [62]. Not surprisingly, the early identification of patients with CHS leads to a reduction in morbidity and costs [6]. The differential diagnosis of nausea and vomiting is extensive and includes a broad range of pathologic conditions affecting the gastrointestinal tract, the peritoneal cavity, CNS, as well as endocrine and metabolic functions [63]. The initial approach to evaluate a patient with cyclical vomiting should start by excluding these vast disorders. In this context a comprehensive history along with initial screening tests should be performed to exclude acute conditions and emergencies (e.g pancreatobiliary disease, intestinal obstruction, pregnancy, etc). This includes laboratory tests (complete blood count and differential, glucose, basic metabolic panel, pancreatic and hepatic enzymes, pregnancy test), urinalysis, urinary drug screen, and plain flat radiographic series [63,64]. Further imaging and invasive testing must be tailored to the individual presentation. For example, associated symptoms like hematemesis should prompt an upper endoscopy, neurological findings would support brain imaging, and pronounced abdominal tenderness justifies an abdominal CT or abdominal radiographic series [64]. In the absence of positive findings on these diagnostic workups the possibility of an underlying motility disorder such as gastroparesis, intestinal pseudo-obstruction or small bowel dysmotility should be considered [63]. In clinical practice CHS is most often confused with cyclic vomiting syndrome (CVS). In fact patients with CHS are often mislabeled as having CVS and vice versa. Confusion exists in the medical literature secondary to a failure to recognize chronic marijuana use as a source of vomiting. For example, in two recently published series of adult patients with CVS, approximately one third of patients reported daily marijuana use [65,66]. Based on the categorization of functional disorders developed by Rome III, chronic marijuana use (CHS) is recognized as a mechanism for nausea and vomiting distinct from CVS [67]. Although both conditions share an astonishing similarity, there are several significant differences. For example, CVS patients usually have important psychological comorbidities including depression and anxiety [64,65]. In addition, CVS patients have a high prevalence of migraine headaches or a family history of migraines. Furthermore, gastric emptying rates in patients with CVS are often accelerated rather than delayed [46,65]. summarizes some of the epidemiological and clinical characteristics that may help distinguish CVS and CHS. Table 2 Cyclical Vomiting Cannabis Hyperemesis Syndrome Age at diagnosis (y) 34.8 29.3 Delay in diagnosis (y) 7.9 3.1 Duration of episodes (days) 3.8 N/A Cannabis use Occasionally Universal Triggering factors (e.g. infections, psychological stress, etc) Frequent Absent Prodrome Common Common Clinical findings Vomiting Universal Universal Abdominal Pain Common (5871%)  Moderate to severe Common  Mild to moderate Compulsive Bathing Absent Universal GES Accelerated Delayed Comorbidities Psychiatric Common Not common Migraine headache Common (2470%) Not common Treatment Abortive measures (antimigraine agents), supportive care, psychological support Cannabis cessation, supportive care Prophylaxis Avoid triggers, TCA Cannabis cessation Open in a separate window Treatment The treatment of Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome can be divided into therapy for the hyperemetic phase and the prevention of relapse. Patients may require hospitalization during the hyperemetic phase secondary to abdominal pain, volume depletion, and severe nausea and vomiting. Supportive therapy, albeit not very effective, serves as the mainstay of treatment during this phase of the syndrome [6,53,62]. For volume depletion aggressive resuscitation with intravenous fluids is needed [6,59,61,62]. Anti-emetic therapy can be tried with 5-HT 3 receptor antagonists, D 2 receptor antagonists, H 1 receptor antagonists, and neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists. However, all have been shown to provide minimal or no improvement in most patients with CHS [5458,62,68]. Narcotics have also been attempted in a few cases to relieve associated abdominal pain [55,57]. Opioids should be used with caution, however, as they have the potential to cause emesis. [69,70]. Esophagogastroduodenoscopy findings from several patients with CHS have revealed varying grades of esophagitis and gastritis [6,54,57,6062]. As a result, acid suppression therapy with medications such as proton pump inhibitors should be given routinely. The most effective treatment during the hyperemetic phase of CHS is the use of hot showers by patients. The effects of this learned behavior are temperature-dependent [6], fast acting [6], but short-lived [6,56,62]. Hot showers improve symptoms of nausea and vomiting [6,5256,60,62,68,71], abdominal pain [6,56,71], and decreased appetite [68] during the hyperemetic phase. The precise mechanism by which hot bathing produces a rapid reduction in the symptoms of CHS is unknown. It has been proposed that hot bathing may act by correcting the cannabis-induced disequilibrium of the thermoregulatory system of the hypothalamus [6]. Darmani has suggested that cannabis increases the core body temperature while concomitantly decreasing skin temperature thus increasing blood flow to the skin and dissipating excess core body heat [72]. The hyperemetic phase of CHS typically lasts for only 2448 hours [6], but the risk for relapse is high if the patient returns to cannabis use. Case reports have demonstrated a remission in CHS symptoms upon cessation of cannabis use for extended periods [6,5154,57,5962,68,71]. Unfortunately, many of these patients relapse upon resuming cannabis [6,59,61,62]. It has been suggested that many of these patients increase or continue their cannabis use because of their perception that it will have beneficial effects on nausea [52]. Patient education should therefore be provided with emphasis on the paradoxical nature of the symptoms of CHS. Furthermore, some authors have reported referring patients to drug rehabilitation programs in an attempt to raise the likelihood of long-term cannabis cessation [54,71]. Studies have demonstrated the efficacy of outpatient treatment options such as cognitive behavioral therapy and motivational enhancement therapy for marijuana dependence [73]. Shortcomings in our knowledge of CHS and areas for future research There are several shortcomings in our understanding of CHS. There exists no epidemiological data regarding the incidence and prevalence of CHS among chronic marijuana users. The syndrome is likely underreported given its recent recognition [74,75]. With the large prevalence of marijuana use in the world, why does it appear that so few patients develop CHS? Certain individuals may have a genetic polymorphisms in the cytochrome P450 enzymes responsible for the metabolism of the cannabinoids [62,72]. This could result in excessive levels of pro-emetic cannabinoids or emetogenic metabolites. Such genetic variations have yet to be studied in patients diagnosed with CHS and represent an area for future research. The mechanism by which cannabis induces hyperemesis is presently unknown. A recent review has explored numerous potential explanations regarding various pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic factors of the cannabinoids [72]. The cannabis plant contains over four hundred different chemicals, with sixty possessing cannabinoid structures [76]. The pro-emetic effects of two of these cannabinoids, CBD and CBG, have been discussed in this review and could conceivably play a role in the development of CHS. Additional pharmacological research is needed regarding the pro-emetic effects of additional cannabinoids and their metabolites. Another proposed explanation is that in susceptible individuals the pro-emetic effect of cannabis on the gut (e.g. delayed gastric emptying) overrides its anti-emetic CNS properties [62]. This hypothesis is supported by the demonstration of delayed gastric emptying on gastric emptying scintigraphy in some cases [6,55,62]. Further research is required to investigate the gastrointestinal physiology in these patients during both the acute attacks of hyperemesis and between episodes. A lack of long-term follow-up is also a major shortcoming in our knowledge of CHS. The majority of reported cases that have provided follow-up included a period of less than one year [6,52,54,5660,62,68,71]. A greater understanding of the natural course of the syndrome and response to marijuana cessation may be gained with longer lengths of follow-up. Future studies following patients longitudinally for extended periods of time are needed. <N> Results: In all cases, including the published case, chronic cannabis abuse predated the onset of the cyclical vomiting illness. Cessation of cannabis abuse led to cessation of the cyclical vomiting illness in seven cases. Three cases, including the published case, did not abstain and continued to have recurrent episodes of vomiting. Three cases rechallenged themselves after a period of abstinence and suffered a return to illness. Two of these cases abstained again, and became and remain well. The third case did not and remains ill. A novel finding was that nine of the 10 patients, including the previously published case, displayed an abnormal washing behaviour during episodes of active illness. Methods: Nineteen patients were identified with chronic cannabis abuse and a cyclical vomiting illness. For legal and ethical reasons, all patients were counselled to cease all cannabis abuse. Follow up was provided with serial urine drug screen analysis and regular clinical consultation to chart the clinical course. Of the 19 patients, five refused consent and were lost to follow up and five were excluded on the basis of confounders. The remaining nine cases are presented here and compared with a published case of psychogenic vomiting. South Australia has had more liberal laws than much of the Western World for some years now regarding the possession of small quantities of cannabis for domestic consumption. 1, 2 In the Adelaide Hills area, it has become apparent that what was previously described as psychogenic vomiting 3 is often, in fact, cannabis related illness. This disorder, occurring in susceptible individuals, is characterised by: a history of several years of cannabis abuse, predating the onset of the vomiting illness; the hyperemesis follows a cyclical pattern every few weeks or months, often for many years, against a background of regular cannabis abuse; cessation of cannabis leads to cessation of the cyclical vomiting illness, as confirmed by a negative urine drug screen for cannabinoids; a return to regular cannabis use heralds a return of the hyperemesis many weeks or months later; and the patient will compulsively bathe (that is, will take multiple hot showers or baths only during the active phase of the illness). In their article, de Moore and colleagues 4 described in detail a man (Mr G), who had smoked marijuana as a teenager, developed a cyclical vomiting syndrome in his twenties, and was noted to have multiple showers on the ward. Marijuana was not proposed as a cause of his illness. All reasonable efforts were made to exclude confounding causes for their cyclical vomiting given the resources at hand. As a result, five patients were excluded from the study for the following reasons: Nineteen patients were identified following an original clinical observation by Allen linking chronic cannabis abuse to a cyclical vomiting illness in several cases in South Australia in 2001. Patients were either referred by doctors (12 cases), self referred (two cases), or identified on the ward by the nursing staff (five cases) during acute admission for profuse vomiting. Of these 19 patients, five refused consent and were lost to follow up and 14 fully consented for publication and presentation. Each patient was allotted a letter of the alphabet to preserve anonymity. Patients were followed up with serial urine drug screens and regular clinical consultations to chart their clinical course. Several patients displayed a dose related response to increased cannabis use (Y, Q, J, E, G) where cannabis was employed as either an anxiolytic or analgesic. Low grade pyrexia was noted after bathing in two cases (X and R), with marked thirst and polydipsia in five cases (Y, X, A, Q, and R). An occasional neutrophilia was noted in six cases (Y, X, A, R, K, and G). A positive cannabinoid urine drug screen was present in all cases (detected at levels >50 /l). Significant oesophagitis was diagnosed in five of the cases (modified Savary-Miller criteria: Y (grade 4), A (grade 2), R (grade 2), K (grade 2), and G). Y was the only patient to have gastric emptying studies performed acutely, displaying severely delayed gastric emptying for solids and liquids. X and A had normal studies but these were performed between episodes of illness. There was a past medical history of severe hyperemesis gravidarum (requiring hospital admission and IVI fluids) for both of the women in the study (X, K). A number of cases had marked weight loss in the range of 510 kg during their illness (Y, X, A, R, K, E, and G), with marked weight gain of approximately 5 kg following 36 months of abstinence (Y, X, A, J, K). Neither anorexia nervosa nor bulimia was a noted feature of the disease process. None of the patients exhibited abnormal fear of weight gain or body image distortion. A novel finding was a compulsive bathing or washing behaviour noted in nine of 10 patients (X, Y, A, Q, R, J, K, E, and G). These patients would have multiple hot showers or baths on the ward. This ritual became the patients primary preoccupation, with them often waking at night to perform it. Collateral features included a prodromal illness in four cases (Y, A, L, and G) of episodic early morning nausea or vomiting on one or more days per week. This predated the cyclical hyperemesis by months or years. The cyclical hyperemesis occurred in all cases. The severity of illness was reflected by the frequency of hospital admissions and necessity for intravenous fluids. three patients (X, Y, and K) rechallenged themselves after a period of abstinence and all suffered a return to illness and hospital admission. Two of these patients (X and Y) subsequently abstained again from cannabis and got better and remain well. Miss K, however, has not, and remains ill. there was a delay of several years in the onset of the vomiting illness in all cases against a background of ongoing cannabis abuse. In all cases, chronic marijuana abuse predated the cyclical vomiting syndrome; DISCUSSION We found that vomiting may present in a prodromal form initially or may proceed directly to the hyperemetic stage. The phenomenon of compulsive bathing behaviour is discussed, as is a differential diagnosis, clinical management, and possible pathophysiological pathways. Prodromal illness Chronic cannabis abuse predated the onset of the prodromal illness. For some months or years, prior to the onset of cyclical hyperemesis, several patients (Y, A, L, and G) described the onset of early morning nausea and vomiting on one or more days a week. These patients reported nausea at the sight or smell of food and fear of vomiting. However, unlike patients with anorexia nervosa or bulimia, they maintained normal eating patterns. Appetite was normal. Weight loss was a common feature at this stage in the presentation. Compulsive bathing was minimal or absent. Hyperemetic presentation This component of the illness was relatively stereotyped. The patients would start to profusely vomit, often without warning. Nausea, sweating, colicky abdominal pain, and polydipsia often accompanied these events. Patients would take multiple hot baths or showers in an attempt to quell the hyperemesis. Most attempted to cope at home unless they exhausted their hot water supply or became debilitated by severe vomiting. At this point they would present to hospital for intravenous fluid replacement. Vomiting tended to be intractable and refractory to the spectrum of antiemetic medication. The bathing behaviour was often commented on by the ward staff and noted in the case notes. Body temperature, in two cases, charted immediately following episodes of bathing, displayed low grade pyrexia. The patients condition improved following a 2448 hour intravenous fluid replacement regimen. The bathing behaviour then eased and they would be discharged home. Patients represented on a cyclical basis weeks or months later, often for many years. Compulsive bathing behaviour The compulsion to have multiple hot showers or baths was not part of a psychosis or obsessive-compulsive disorder. This was a learned behaviour which often did not present with the first few episodes of illness (as in L) but once established rapidly became a compulsion. The symptoms of nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain would all settle within minutes in a hot bath or shower. Symptomatic relief was temperature dependent. The hotter the water, the better the effect. As the water cooled the symptoms returned. Two patients (X, Y) even scalded themselves in an attempt to have the water as hot as possible. These patients did not exhibit delusions or hallucinations which drove this behaviour, nor did they regard the showering as irrational and did not appear to resent it. Cessation of cannabis lead to cessation of the washing behaviour. Differential diagnosis Cyclical vomiting syndromes fall into two distinct categories: those with a physical basis and those of unknown aetiology. Hyperemesis gravidarum and some variants of porphyria are typical toxicities, with Addisons disease5,6 an example of a metabolic cause. Paediatric cyclical vomiting syndrome and psychogenic vomiting have unknown aetiologies. There has been much research into paediatric cyclical vomiting syndrome over the years. It has been associated with autonomic dysfunction,7 epilepsy,8 and behavioural problems.9Recent research has focused on it being a variant of migraine headache10 or abdominal migraine.11 We see this disorder as a separate disease state to that exhibited by our patients with no clear associations. Although both conditions exhibit a cyclical periodicity to their vomiting, they present at different ages with no evidence of substance abuse in the paediatric group. A further consideration was whether these patients were suffering cannabis withdrawal syndrome,12,13 which occurs when cannabis is abruptly ceased, leading to a short self limiting syndrome of nausea, vomiting, insomnia, irritability, and anxiety. This was discounted on the basis that none of our patients had exhibited the desire or intent to cease cannabis. On the contrary, virtually all had increased their marijuana consumption at the time of illness in an attempt to avail of its well documented antiemetic properties. Psychogenic vomiting, first described by Hill in 1968,3 as a separate entity to bulimia and anorexia nervosa, is a cyclical vomiting illness resurfacing in adult life from a tendency to vomit in childhood. Such patients commonly use illicit drugs or alcohol to control their illness.4 The uncanny resemblance of our cases to a documented case of psychogenic vomiting is remarkable. The triad of chronic cannabis, cyclical vomiting, and compulsive bathing is indicative of a new syndrome with cannabis toxicity as a cause. Clinical management Patients tended to fall into two categories: those that scorned the idea that cannabis was the cause of their vomiting and those that accepted the concept. The former group often refused consent to treatment and follow up. The latter group was well motivated, happy to be consented, and punctually attended appointments. All patients, for legal and ethical reasons, were counselled to cease all cannabis abuse. Benzodiazepines, used for a maximum of two weeks at the time of initial presentation, were offered to patients to avert cannabis withdrawal syndrome12,13 and psychological cravings. A member of the medical team provided an on call counselling service for any patient who had problems with abstinence. We attempted to review cases weekly for the first four weeks and then monthly for a minimum of 12 months. Psychological well being, state of health, and body weight were noted at each presentation. Each patient was required to give a consented urine drug test produced at the time of each consultation. The urine drug screen was titrated against the clinical course. <N> Cannabis is the most widely used illicit drug in the world. In France, cannabis use has been increasing among youth since 2011, in both experimental use and regular consumption. A distinct syndrome, characterized by recurrent vomiting associated with abdominal pain and compulsive bathing, has been increasingly recognized in adult chronic users. Cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome (CHS) is still underdiagnosed in adults and even more so among adolescents. Classically, CHS progresses into three distinct phases: prodromal, hyperemetic, and recovery. During the prodromal phase, the patient develops early morning nausea, a fear of vomiting, and abdominal discomfort. Afterward, the hyperemetic phase consists of incapacitating nausea and profuse vomiting. Most patients complain of mild abdominal pain and weight loss. Patients are relieved by taking hot showers. The recovery stage begins with cessation of cannabis use. The majority of patients will develop this symptom within 1-5years after the beginning of consumption. CHS is a clinical diagnosis and should be considered in every case of cyclical vomiting. To date, the specific etiology of CHS is unknown as is the pathophysiology of improvement with hot baths. All youth presenting with cyclic vomiting should be questioned about cannabis use and compulsive hot bathing. The early recognition of this syndrome will save unnecessary and invasive investigations. <N> Abstract Objectives Case reports have described a syndrome of cyclic vomiting associated with chronic marijuana use, termed cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome. The primary objective was to determine the prevalence of patients presenting with cyclic vomiting before and after the liberalization of medical marijuana in Colorado in 2009. The secondary objective was to describe the odds of marijuana use among cyclic vomiting visits in these same time periods. Methods This was a cross-sectional study of cyclic vomiting visits to the emergency department (ED) before and after marijuana liberalization. ED visits with International Classification of Diseases, ninth revision, coding for cyclic vomiting or that met diagnostic criteria for cyclic vomiting by the Rome III criteria were included. Results The authors reviewed 2,574 visits and identified 36 patients diagnosed with cyclic vomiting over 128 visits. The prevalence of cyclic vomiting visits increased from 41 per 113,262 ED visits to 87 per 125,095 ED visits after marijuana liberalization, corresponding to a prevalence ratio of 1.92 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.33 to 2.79). Patients with cyclic vomiting in the postliberalization period were more likely to have marijuana use documented than patients in the preliberalization period (odds ratio = 3.59, 95% CI = 1.44 to 9.00). Conclusions The prevalence of cyclic vomiting presentations nearly doubled after the liberalization of medical marijuana. Patients presenting with cyclic vomiting in the postliberalization period were more likely to endorse marijuana use, although it is unclear whether this was secondary to increased marijuana use, more accurate marijuana reporting, or both. In November 2000, Colorado amended its constitution to allow for the use of medical marijuana in patients with debilitating medical conditions. However, few patients used medical marijuana until October 2009, when the U.S. Attorney General ceased its prosecution of marijuana users and suppliers nationwide,1 effectively liberalizing its use and sale in Colorado. As a result, the number of medical marijuana licenses in the state rose from 5,051 in January 2009 to 118,895 in January 2011 (unpublished data, Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, January 2014). This sudden increase in marijuana availability represents an opportunity to study the adverse effects of cannabis use among patients in our emergency departments (ED). Marijuana is the most commonly used illicit substance in the United States, with 18.9 million users in 2012.2 Unfortunately, there is little information on the deleterious effects of chronic use and its implications for public health. Recently, a number of case reports have suggested a novel syndrome of cyclic vomiting associated with repeated marijuana use, termed cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome (CHS). These reports describe patients with habitual marijuana use presenting with cyclic vomiting, abdominal pain, compulsive showering, and improvement of symptoms with cessation of cannabis.312 While these reports have generated interest in this phenomenon, there have been no epidemiologic studies associating marijuana use with CHS. This deficit is likely multifactorial due to the lack of formal diagnostic criteria for CHS, the relatively low prevalence of this syndrome, and the social stigma regarding marijuana use that discourages self-reporting. The recent liberalization of medical marijuana serves as an opportune natural experiment to study CHS. If CHS exists, one would expect an association between increased marijuana availability and an increase in the number of ED visits for cyclic vomiting. The primary objective of this study was to describe the prevalence of cyclic vomiting visits before and after the liberalization of medical marijuana in Colorado. The secondary objective of this study was to determine the odds of patient-reported marijuana use among cyclic vomiting visits for the same time periods. METHODS Study Design This was a retrospective cross-sectional study of cyclic vomiting visits. The study was approved by the local institutional review board and informed consent was waived. Study Setting and Population The visits occurred at two urban academic EDs with a combined annual volume of approximately 120,000 visits. Medical records at Denver Health (Denver, CO; DH) are hand-written and scanned into an electronic system where they can be reviewed; medical records at the University of Colorado Hospital (Aurora, CO; UCH) are entered and reviewed electronically (EPIC 2010; Epic Systems, Verona, WI). The study periods were selected to bookend the date of medical marijuana liberalization in Colorado: October 19, 2009.1 The preliberalization period was November 1, 2008, to October 31, 2009, and the postliberalization period was June 1, 2010, to May 31, 2011. A gap between the policy change and the post-liberalization period was incorporated to account for the expected time required to open new dispensaries and for patients to acquire medical marijuana prescriptions. Eligible ED visits at each hospital were retrieved via computer algorithm, searching for International Classification of Diseases, ninth revision (ICD-9), codes of cyclical vomiting (ICD-9 536.2) or nausea and vomiting (ICD-9 787.0, 787.01) in either the primary or the secondary diagnosis. ED visits with ICD-9 coding for nausea and vomiting were included for analysis only if the patient satisfied the Rome III diagnostic criteria for cyclic vomiting syndrome: three or more visits for nausea and vomiting within the past year,13 in addition to lack of an obvious anatomic explanation for illness. ED visits with ICD-9 coding for cyclic vomiting were included for analysis regardless of the number of total visits. Patient visits for nausea and vomiting were initially excluded if there was only a single visit for nausea and vomiting at a single hospital in the time period of interest, as it would be mathematically impossible to satisfy the Rome III criteria of three visits at both hospitals combined. Each remaining patient with at least two visits for nausea and vomiting at either hospital was then manually queried in the other hospitals records for ED visits in the same time period, and patients with fewer than three total visits for nausea and vomiting were subsequently excluded. Additionally, we excluded patients who were pregnant, to exclude hyperemesis gravidarum, and patients under the age of 18 years old. Finally, visits were excluded if the ED record reflected an obvious pathophysiologic etiology for nausea and vomiting (e.g., cancer undergoing chemotherapy, bowel obstruction, uremia in emergent dialysis dependents). Visit diagnoses of gastroenteritis were excluded only if there was documentation of nausea and vomiting and diarrhea with either subjective or objective complaint of fever. Visit diagnoses of gastroparesis were excluded only if there was a positive gastric emptying study at any time in the patients medical record (see for a summary of inclusion and exclusion criteria). Open in a separate window Study Protocol Documentation from each ED visit was reviewed, including the initial three defining visits for cyclic vomiting. The following clinical and demographic variables were abstracted: patient sex, age, race, insurance status, having a primary care physician, marijuana use, compulsive hot showering, ED medications received, serum bicarbonate, length of stay (LOS), and final disposition. All notes from each visit were reviewed, including the triage, nursing, resident physician, and attending physician notes. Insurance status was coded as federal (Medicare or Medicaid), indigent assistance (state indigent discount program), private insurance, or self-pay. The administration of intravenous fluids, ondansetron, metoclopramide, prochlorperazine, promethazine, droperidol or haloperidol, and lorazepam were abstracted as binary variables. Serum bicarbonate was captured as a surrogate for severity of nausea and vomiting. A positive history of marijuana use was considered any report of marijuana use in the ED chart or if there was a positive urine drug screen during the ED visit. The patient was considered a nonmarijuana user if there was no record of use in the ED chart. Compulsive hot showering was considered positive if documented in the ED note; if there was no mention of showering in the note, this was considered negative. Primary data abstraction was performed by the study authors using a standardized data collection sheet. Abstracters were not formally blinded to the study period (i.e., before/after liberalization) due to the requirements of thorough chart review. Sixteen percent of charts were double-abstracted and inter-rater reliability was measured using Cohens kappa; we selected the first 4% of visits in four separate groups to total 16% to calculate inter-rater reliability: preliberalization DH, preliberalization UCH, postliberalization DH, and postliberalization UCH. In cases of disagreement, the ED chart was reviewed by the lead author and reconciled. The primary outcome of interest was a comparison of the prevalence of cyclic vomiting visits in the post- and preliberalization periods. The secondary outcome was the prevalence of positive marijuana use among cyclic vomiting visits in the post- and preliberalization periods. Finally, we conducted a hypothesis-generating exploratory analysis of the adjusted odds of admission and treatments associated with marijuana use for all cyclic vomiting visits in the study. Data Analysis All analyses were performed using JMP 10 (SAS, Inc.). For the primary outcome, we calculated the prevalence of cyclic vomiting visits in both periods and determined the prevalence ratio of visits in the postliberalization period compared to the preliberalization period. For the secondary outcome, we calculated the crude odds ratio (OR) for positive marijuana use among cyclic vomiting visits in the postliberalization period compared to the preliberalization period. Finally, in the exploratory analysis we applied a direct nominal logistic regression to the study cohort to predict hospital admission and calculated ORs for the following covariates, determined a priori: age, sex, and ED medications received (ondansetron, metoclopramide, prochlorperazine, promethazine, droperidol/haloperidol, and lorazepam). We then used a similar multivariate model to explore if there were any differences in treatment given to patients with positive and negative marijuana use. Covariates were assessed for colinearity using the inverse of the correlation matrix, and this was not found to be an issue. All p-values were two-sided with a threshold of p < 0.05 for statistical significance. RESULTS At both institutions combined there were a total of 113,262 ED visits in the preliberalization period and 125,095 visits in the postliberalization period. A total of 2,574 visits (63% from UCH) included ICD-9 codes for cyclic vomiting or nausea and vomiting and were reviewed. Thirty-six patients met the criteria for cyclic vomiting over 128 unique visits; 10 visits were included based on a primary diagnosis of cyclic vomiting, and 118 visits for nausea and vomiting were included after they satisfied the Rome III criteria for cyclic vomiting. The demographic characteristics of the study population are listed in . The kappa values for all variables were 0.77 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.47 to 1.00) and 0.89 (95% CI = 0.68 to 1.00) at DH and UCH, respectively. The kappa value for marijuana use only was 1.00 (95% CI = 1.00 to 1.00) at both hospitals. Table 1 Characteristic Total (N = 128) Preliberalization (n = 41) Postliberalization (n = 87) ICD-9 CV (%)* 27 (21) 7 (17) 20 (22) Visits per patient, median (range) 3 (19) 3 (19) 3 (19) Age, mean (SD) 31.4 (8.0) 31.0 (8.0) 31.6 (8.1) Female, n (%) 91 (71) 26 (63) 65 (75) Race, n (%) Black 36 (28) 16 (39) 20 (23) White 92 (72) 25 (61) 67 (77) Insurance Self-pay 31 (24) 6 (14) 25 (29) Private 15 (12) 4 (10) 11 (13) Medicare/Medicaid 72 (56) 24 (59) 48 (55) Indigent assistance 10 (8) 7 (17) 3 (3) No PCP, n (%) 37 (29) 16 (39) 21 (24) Bicarbonate (mmol/L), mean (SD) 21.6 (4.0) 21.2 (4.3) 21.8 (3.8) Marijuana use, n (%) 44 (34) 7 (17) 37 (43) Open in a separate window Primary Outcome In the pre- and postliberalization periods, there were 41 versus 87 visits for cyclic vomiting, respectively ( ). Thus, the prevalence for cyclic vomiting visits increased from 41 per 113,262 ED visits to 87 per 125,095 ED visits after liberalization, corresponding to a prevalence ratio of 1.92 (95% CI = 1.33 to 2.79). Secondary Outcome In the pre- and postliberalization periods, there were seven versus 37 cyclic vomiting visits with positive marijuana use, respectively. Visits were more likely to have marijuana use documented in the postliberalization period compared to the preliberalization period (crude OR = 3.59, 95% CI = 1.44 to 9.00). Individual patient endorsement of marijuana use was highly consistent between visits; only two of the 36 patients who endorsed marijuana use on one visit had other visits with negative use. Both of these patients were in the postliberalization period, resulting in two of seven total visits in these patients who were positive for marijuana use. Exploratory Analysis ED visits during which patients received promethazine therapy were significantly more likely to result in hospital admission (adjusted OR = 5.06, 95% CI = 2.01 to 13.63, p = 0.0008). Of the 35 total visits resulting in hospitalization, 24 visits received promethazine therapy (four visits as monotherapy, 15 as one of two antiemetic medications, and five as one of three antiemetic medications). Documentation of marijuana use was not associated with admission (crude OR = 1.66, 95% CI = 0.74 to 3.69). There were no differences in the treatments given to marijuana users and nonusers, and median LOS did not differ between these two groups. No patients had documentation of compulsive hot bathing or showering in the ED record. DISCUSSION The prevalence of cyclic vomiting presentations to our EDs nearly doubled after marijuana liberalization. Additionally, patients presenting with cyclic vomiting after marijuana liberalization were more likely to have marijuana use documented in the ED record, although it is unclear whether this effect was secondary to increased use, more accurate self-reporting, or both. The most parsimonious explanation of this increased prevalence in an area with no other major socioeconomic or environmental changes is that increased marijuana use contributed to an increased rate of cyclic vomiting presentations. It should be noted, however, that despite a high rate of marijuana use in our community, the absolute prevalence of cyclic vomiting remained low, underscoring that CHS is a relatively uncommon condition. As the number of new and chronic marijuana users grows annually, it is important to measure its effect on public health.2 While marijuana-associated pulmonary disease may take years to manifest, if associated with marijuana at all, the rate of cyclic vomiting seems to have increased acutely. Paradoxically, the association of marijuana use with cyclic vomiting contrasts its well-touted antiemetic properties. This effect may be in part modulated by the concentration of cannabidiol, a cannabinoid molecule in marijuana, rather than the more psychoactive delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). In animal models, cannabidiol is antiemetic in low doses but has a proemetic effect in higher doses.14 We found that only one patient was seen in both the pre- and the postliberalization periods. This low rate of recidivism is likely due to the limited prevalence of CHS in the preliberalization period as well as the strict inclusion criteria of at least three visits, which would exclude a single or repeat visit for nausea and vomiting in the postliberalization period. Alternatively, the low rate of recidivism may indicate that the pathophysiology of CHS is similar to that of cyclic vomiting syndrome, which is defined by an absence of nausea and vomiting between episodes.13 We did not find documentation of the typical behavioral features of CHS described in case reports, such as compulsive hot bathing or showering.35 This may be due to the retrospective study design leading to lack of clinical detail in ED documentation. Furthermore, case reports of this syndrome only began surfacing in 2004, with more popular dissemination in the EM literature in 2011,3,15 predating our study period. The associated compulsive showering habits were likely not realized by physicians during the study period. Alternatively, these symptoms may not be present in all patients with CHS. Patients who presented with cyclic vomiting in the study periods were predominantly female (71%) and white (72%). It is unclear whether these numbers indicate that this specific phenotype is at increased risk for cannabinoid hyperemesis, although it should be noted that a recent characterization of our ED population in metropolitan Denver showed that 57% of all ED patients were female, and 49% were white.16 In our exploratory analysis, we found that the use of promethazine for symptomatic relief was associated with an increased risk of admission. Although the magnitude of this increased risk was sizeable, we hesitate to apply this to clinical practice before understanding the pathophysiology of this effect. It is more likely that promethazine was associated with increased odds of admission due to its use as a second- or third-line antiemetic therapy in our ED settings. To date, the literature on CHS has been limited to case reports, and thus our study represents a critical and novel contribution to the understanding of this syndrome. This study does not demonstrate causation or definitive quantification of the exposure, but instead represents a preliminary association and should serve as the foundation for future prospective studies on the association between marijuana use and cyclic vomiting, the eventual establishment of formal diagnostic criteria for CHS, and study of various interventions for symptomatic treatment. Foremost among these interventions should be counseling of patients toward marijuana cessation. LIMITATIONS The internal validity of this study is limited by potential biases in identifying cases of cyclic vomiting. Our results may have underestimated the prevalence of cyclic vomiting in either study period by imposing restrictive inclusion criteria based on the Rome III criteria; patients may have been excluded if they visited our EDs only twice but other community EDs other times. However, there is no reason why this bias would preferentially affect one time period over the other, and this bias is likely to exist in any study of CHS. It is also possible that the unblinded nature of chart review may have biased the exclusion of some nausea/vomiting visits with an obvious pathophysiologic etiology. We sought to minimize the risk of subjective interpretation of this exclusion criterion by establishing rigid definitions of gastroenteritis and gastroparesis. Although we intended to establish an a priori list of organic exclusion criteria, this proved to be impractical due to the emergence of unanticipated but obvious pathophysiologic diagnoses, such as stage IV gastric carcinoma undergoing weekly chemotherapy. Nevertheless, it is possible that unblinded review may have biased the recognition of potential cases of cyclic vomiting, which speaks to the difficulty of studying a syndrome without formal diagnostic criteria or ICD coding. Conversely, our results may have overestimated the prevalence of cyclic vomiting in either period by including any visit with a diagnosis of cyclic vomiting by ICD-9 coding. Although it is possible that the prevalence of cyclic vomiting in the postliberalization period may reflect increasing awareness of CHS among ED providers over time, we feel that this is less likely given that the first known ED literature on this syndrome post-dates the conclusion of our study period.3,15 Although there were several case reports of CHS in non-ED literature prior to6,9,11 and during7 the preliberalization period, these reports prominently feature compulsive hot bathing as a key aspect of this syndrome. Given that none of the 128 visits included in this study included a mention of cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome or compulsive bathing, it is unlikely that ED physicians were aware of these reports. Finally, the number of visits that met inclusion criteria by a primary diagnosis of cyclic vomiting was quite small (see ), and the adjusted numbers for visits included by Rome III criteria remain impressive: 78 versus 40 in the post- and preliberalization periods, respectively. However, it remains a possibility that increasing awareness of CHS over the study period resulted in an increased frequency of primary cyclic vomiting diagnoses. The studys secondary outcome is limited by reliance on patient self-report of marijuana use, which may be inaccurate in the preliberalization period due to fear of judgment or failure of providers to inquire among other social pressures. Although we found that patients in the postliberalization period were more likely to endorse marijuana use, it is unclear whether marijuana use increased, whether these patients were more willing to report their use, or whether providers were more likely to inquire about and document use. However, the marked increase of marijuana availability during this time makes it likely that there was a true increase in exposure. This studys external validity is limited by the high marijuana availability in our region. This may result in more use due to greater availability of marijuana overall, and of cannabis products with higher THC concentrations, leading to higher rates of cyclic vomiting. This may limit the broader applicability of our results, but it is what makes our patient population a unique opportunity for study of this syndrome. The liberalization of medical marijuana in Colorado in 2009 resulted in a dramatic rise in permits and dispensaries over a short period of time, which represents a natural experiment that is impossible to engineer. CONCLUSIONS In this retrospective study, we observed that the prevalence of cyclic vomiting presentations nearly doubled after the liberalization of medical marijuana in Colorado. This increase was accompanied by an increase of self-report of marijuana usage and serves as a crucial first step in establishing a formal diagnosis of cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome. Acknowledgments AAM receives funding from NIH 1 K23 GM110516 01 and NIH UL1 TR001082. Footnotes No other authors received financial support for any aspect of the submitted manuscript, and no authors have conflicts of interest to disclose. Dr. Heard, an associate editor for this journal, had no role in the peer-review process or publication decision for this paper. Presented at the North American Congress of Clinical Toxicology Annual Meeting, New Orleans, LA, October 2014. <N> ROME, Oct. 16  -- Italian members of Parliament introduced an amendment to the country's criminal code that, if passed, would make holocaust denial a crime, officials said. The legislation was signed Tuesday by politicians across several parties, including the center-left Democratic Party, the center-right People of Freedom Party and the anti-establishment Five Star Movement, ANSA reported. ''It would be a significant response to all those episodes of revisionism, alas all too present in Italy and in Europe, that seek to distort history and memory," said Democratic Party Sen. Monica Cirinna. "Particularly on the eve of the tragic 70th anniversary of the Nazi raid on Rome's Jewish ghetto. On Oct. 16, 1943, more than 1,000 Roman Jews were deported to Auschwitz and Birkenau concentration camps. Only seven returned.'' "A hateful attitude, which now becomes a prosecutable crime,'' she added. Holocaust denial is already either implicitly or explicitly a crime in 17 countries, including Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Switzerland and Romania. <N> Court confirms conviction of far right Front National founder, who said Nazi occupation was not 'particularly inhumane' Jean-Marie Le Pen, the founder of France's far right Front National, has been convicted of contesting crimes against humanity for saying the Nazi occupation was not "particularly inhumane". A Paris appeals court upheld the three-month suspended prison sentence and 10,000 (8,283) fine handed to Le Pen in 2009. Le Pen had told the far-right magazine Rivarol in 2005: "in France at least the German occupation was not particularly inhumane, even if there were a number of excesses  inevitable in a country of 550,000 sq km." He added: "If the Germans had carried out mass executions across the country as the received wisdom would have it, then there wouldn't have been any need for concentration camps for political deportees." Aided by the collaborationist Vichy government, German authorities deported more than 70,000 French Jews to death camps during the occupation from 1940 to 1944. Thousands of French civilians died in reprisals by the German army. France has strict laws against denying the Holocaust and contesting crimes against humanity Le Pen said he would now appeal to the highest court in France, criticising the judges for handing down the decision in an election period. His daughter Marine Le Pen, who now heads the Front National, is currently in third place in the presidential race. In a poll published on Wednesday by Harris Interactive, she was on 20%, with Nicolas Sarkozy on 24% and the Socialist favourite Franois Hollande on 28%. The election takes place in two rounds in April and May. <N> BERLIN  - Critics of a new hate speech law in Germany are upbeat that it can be revised after its Social Democratic sponsors vowed to drop out of the ruling coalition following last months national election and go into opposition. The German parliament in June approved legislation that will allow authorities to fine social media networks up to 50 million euros if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, despite warnings that the law could limit free expression. Chancellor Angela Merkels conservatives will start talks in coming weeks on forming a new coalition with the environmental Greens, who abstained from voting for the law, and the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP), who opposed it outright. Germany has some of the worlds toughest laws covering defamation, public incitement to commit crimes and threats of violence, with prison sentences for Holocaust denial or inciting hatred against minorities. But few online cases are prosecuted. The new law, which came into effect on Oct. 1, gives social media networks 24 hours to delete or block obviously criminal content and seven days to deal with less clear-cut cases, with an obligation to report back to the person who filed the complaint about how they handled the case. Failure to comply could see a company fined up to 50 million euros, and the companys chief representative in Germany fined up to 5 million euros. Opponents argue the law could damage free speech because the threat of fines will prompt social media companies to censor more content than really necessary. Facebook and Twitter and other social media platforms are scrambling to adapt to its requirements and avoid hefty fines that the law forsees in the event of violation. The departure from government of Justice Minister Heiko Maas, an SPD member and main driver behind the new hate speech law, offers critics a new chance to get the law overturned or at least revised, according to politicians and industry groups. Nicola Beer, secretary general of the FDP, vowed in a Tweet to make the law the shortest-ever in force. Konstantin von Notz, digital spokesman for the Greens, told Reuters his party would press for a new start in many policy areas, including the hate speech law and cyber security. Bernhard Rohleder, head of the IT industry association, told the Handelsblatt newspaper on Monday that if it succeeded in forming a government, the new coalition should correct the mistake and eliminate the law without replacement. Marie-Teresa Weber, who heads the groups consumer law and media policy department, said the legal experts considered the law unconstitutional. The new coalition should rescind it before the courts do so, she said. Parliamentary experts said it might be tough to overturn the law completely, but it would likely to be tweaked in coming years once authorities begin to implement it. Affected individuals or companies could also challenge it as unconstitutional, they said. <N> Summer Hours 2018-06-25 2:40:17 PM Provincial office will be open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. M-F from July 3 to August 31, 2018. _LINKS_ Summer Hours Provincial Office Summer Hours The shopETFO Online Store 2018-07-10 5:09:01 PM Purchase branded clothing, stationery and other fun stuff-- along with ETFO resources for educators--from our new online store. _LINKS_, _LINKS_, _LINKS_, Links/DispForm.aspx?ID=45 The shopETFO Online Store shopETFO Online Store Annual Meeting 2018 2018-06-25 2:42:09 PM The Annual Meeting Booklet and the Participants' Information Package are now available. _LINKS_, Annual Meeting 2018 Call for Writers, Presenters and Instructors 2018-07-09 1:40:23 PM ETFO AQ is seeking instructors for Two Online Additional Qualification Courses. _LINKS_, Call for Writers, Presenters and Instructors Call for Kindergarten Workshop Developers Summer Academy 2018 2018-07-10 5:08:07 PM This year our program includes over 55 practical courses being delivered across the province. Register soon as courses will fill up quickly. _LINKS_, Summer Academy 2018 Summer Academy 2018 - Register Now! "My ETFO is..." Send in Your Photos and Videos! 2018-06-14 10:42:25 PM "My ETFO is..." Send in Your Photos and Videos! _LINKS_, "My ETFO is..." Send in Your Photos and Videos! Pride 2018 2018-06-20 1:10:58 PM Pride events are being held across the province. Members are encouraged to celebrate Pride as an integral part of their inclusive classroom. _LINKS_, Pride 2018 Pride 2018 Events <N> Published: 18:52 EST, 27 November 2017 | Updated: 01:39 EST, 28 November 2017 Canadian school board is making progressive steps by having teachers participate in extensive inclusiveness training, but the title of the session has left some perplexed. The Canadian Elementary Teachers Federation (ETFO) of Ontario hosted a LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP inclusiveness training session on June 6. The acronym stands for Lesbian, Gay, Genderqueer, Bisexual, Demisexual, Transgender, Transsexual, Twospirit, Intersex, Queer, Questioning, Asexual, Allies, Pansexual and Polyamorous. The Canadian Elementary Teachers Federation of Ontario hosted a LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP inclusiveness training on June 6 Conducted for the Durham ETFO Executive, Stewards and other interested folks, the session included a presentation from Dr Barb Perry of UOIT & Durham PFLAG. While inclusivity is generally applauded, some on social media were more than a little baffled by the title. And it attracted plenty of hate from the Right. One user wrote: 'ETFO is learning about the LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP. I wonder if they feel insignificant or perhaps inadequate with their piddly little acronym?' Another said: 'LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP just rolls off the tongue.' While terms like Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Allies, Transgender, Transexual and Questioning may be familiar to the common person, others may seem confusing to those that aren't used to the terms. A person who identifies as Genderqueer or Nonbinary does not feel like terms such as 'male' or 'female' adequately designate how they identify or choose to present themselves. Aexuality.org defines a Demisexual as someone who does not experience sexual attraction unless they form a strong emotional connection with someone. Accounting for Native Peoples, the training also is inclusive of those who identify as Two-Spirit or those who possess both masculine and feminine spirits. Conducted for the Durham ETFO Executive, stewards and other folks, the session included a presentation from Dr Barb Perry of UOIT & Durham PFLAG. School children are taught inclusiveness in elementary school (pictured) (stock) Someone who is intersex has been born in the middle of the spectrum for both male and female. An intersex person may be born with genital ambiguity. Asexuality accounts for those who do not feel any sexual feeling or desire at all. Pansexual is the open sexuality of another person no matter their sex or gender identify. And someone who is Polyamorous seeks intimate relationships with more than one partner. 'There are other terms you can use to explain your "unique" situation: you could go back to using #LGBT/#LGBTQ instead of #LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP (silent F?): #nonstraight, #colorfulsnowflake, etc. All I know is that this new acronym is totally killing the purpose of one,' said one user Another user pointed out how many iterations of the acronym they had heard The sessions goal was 'to become more familiar with current language, sensitive to current issues, and to share best practices in supporting our LGGBDITTTIQQAAPP peers and students.' According to the flier, fewer than one per cent of ETFO members were open with their identities, even though half of the public 'secretly identities as LGBT to some extent. 'If we want students to succeed, if we want to educe staff anxiety and stress, we need to create a much more welcoming and accepting environment,' the flier added. <N> This is sadly real. You may have thought it was a joke. Because mocking the every growing LGBTQAAPI silent F is a punchline around these parts. Well, this morning a dedicated reader emailed me with the full bulletin below. Our punchline is now a reality. Life imitates comedic art. Whats the status of the life ending meteor? Yes, thats the full bulletin. And if my non-STEM arithmetic is correct, thats a fifteen letter acronym. Which rather defeats the purpose of an acronym, but these are the people who dont understand sarcasm and think eliminating Down syndrome via killing everyone who has it is a great idea. Critical thinking and morality arent in their wheelhouse. Now, the entire point of this LGGBDTTTIQQAAPP inclusivity training (thats their new acronym) is to become more familiar with the current language of this new movement and to become more sensitive to the students in the movement. If theyre taking pointers, Id suggest shrinking their acronym, but enough about that stupid thing. Clearly, these figures are not measures of active bisexuality  overall, 89% of the population describes themselves as heterosexual  but putting yourself at level 1 allows for the possibility of homosexual feelings and experiences. More than anything, it indicates an increasingly open minded approach to sexuality. In a further set of questions asking if respondents could conceivably be attracted to, have sex with or have a relationship with someone of the same sex (if the right person came along at the right time), level 1s were at least 35% more likely to say they could than level 0s. I apologize for the continuous usage of all caps. There might be some leftists reading this post, and all caps is their language. See, I can be inclusive too. Anyway, back to the survey. Its an interesting survey in that it essentially proves people identifying as whatever they identify with is CULTURAL. The younger the people, the more fluid they are. Because being fluid is a trend. There are now entire events (like this one) built around people who are NOT heterosexual (or so they claim). Such people are seen not as others but as special. Which reminds me to check my FedEx tracking. Im waiting for a custom made tiara and scepter. For identifying as a goddess. This bulletin, advertising the event for inclusiveness training is proof that being not-heterosexual grants special treatment. If youre a young whipper snapper hoping to be accepted into the tribe, while also desiring to be special, why wouldnt you identify as part of the expanding LGBTQAAIP (silent F) movement? The red carpet rolls right out for them. Its lined with rainbow donuts offered without shame. Again, elementary school children are being force-fed this drivel. No wonder theyre confused. When are we going to have an Inclusiveness Training for people who like the opposite sex? Seems were the ones who need a little understanding thrown our way. <N> Asked to plot themselves on a 'sexuality scale', 23% of British people choose something other than 100% heterosexual  and the figure rises to 49% among 18-24 year olds Invented by Alfred Kinsey in the 1940s, the Kinsey scale plots individuals on a range of sexual dispositions from exclusively heterosexual at 0 through to exclusively homosexual at 6. Where the original study had a large number of methods for placing people, YouGov simply asked people to place themselves on the sexuality scale. Taken as a whole, 72% of the British public place themselves at the completely heterosexual end of the scale, while 4% put themselves at the completely homosexual end and 19% say they are somewhere in between  classed as bisexual in varying degrees by Kinsey. Of the people that do place themselves in this 1-5 area, the majority incline away from homosexuality  15% are closer to the heterosexual end, 2% directly in the middle and 2% are closer to the homosexual end. With each generation, people see their sexuality as less fixed in stone. The results for 18-24 year-olds are particularly striking, as 43% place themselves in the non-binary area between 1 and 5 and 52% place themselves at one end or the other. Of these, only 46% say they are completely heterosexual and 6% as completely homosexual. People of all generations now accept the idea that sexual orientation exists along a continuum rather than a binary choice - overall 60% of heterosexuals support this idea, and 73% of homosexuals. 28% of heterosexuals believe that 'there is no middle ground  you are either heterosexual or you are not'. But what does it mean to be at 1 on the scale, and what is the difference being here or at 2? According to the research, progressing further away from 'completely heterosexual' (0) towards the midpoint (3, or 'completely bisexual') increases the chance that you have had a sexual experience with a member of the same sex. 23% of those at level 1 have had a sexual encounter with a member of the same sex, while 52% of people at level 2 have had such an experience. Clearly, these figures are not measures of active bisexuality - overall, 89% of the population describes themselves as heterosexual - but putting yourself at level 1 allows for the possibility of homosexual feelings and experiences. More than anything, it indicates an increasingly open minded approach to sexuality. In a further set of questions asking if respondents could conceivably be attracted to, have sex with or have a relationship with someone of the same sex (if the right person came along at the right time), level 1s were at least 35% more likely to say they could than level 0s. See the full poll results <N> Chlorpyrifos is an organophosphate insecticide, acaricide and miticide used primarily to control foliage and soil-borne insect pests on a variety of food and feed crops. On this page: Basic Information Chlorpyrifos has been used as a pesticide since 1965 in both agricultural and non-agricultural areas: The largest agricultural market for chlorpyrifos in terms of total pounds of active ingredient is corn. It is also used on soybeans, fruit and nut trees, Brussels sprouts, cranberries, broccoli, and cauliflower, as well as other row crops. Non-agricultural uses include golf courses, turf, green houses, and on non-structural wood treatments such as utility poles and fence posts. It is also registered for use as a mosquito adulticide, and for use in roach and ant bait stations in child resistant packaging. Products are sold as liquids, granules, water dispersible granules, wettable powders, and water soluble packets, and may be applied by either ground or aerial equipment. Top of Page Using Chlorpyrifos Products Safely The current chlorpyrifos labels require workers handling and applying chlorpyrifos to wear additional personal protective equipment (chemical resistant gloves, coveralls, respirators), and restricting entry into treated fields for 24 hours up to five days. Chlorpyrifos can cause cholinesterase inhibition in humans at high enough doses; that is, it can overstimulate the nervous system causing nausea, dizziness, confusion, and at very high exposures (e.g., accidents or major spills), respiratory paralysis and death. Top of Page EPA Actions and Regulatory History Since its first registration in 1965, chlorpyrifos has been reviewed by EPA for tolerance reassessment, reregistration, and most recently, as part of its ongoing registration review. The following timeline summarizes the work EPA has done to ensure that as science and technology evolve registered chlorpyrifos products remain safe for use. 2000  Voluntary Agreement to Eliminate, Phase Out and Modify Certain Uses In 1996, the Food Quality Protection Act set a more stringent safety standard to be especially protective of children. After finalizing the chlorpyrifos risk assessments for reregistration, EPA identified the need to modify certain chlorpyrifos uses to meet the revised standard of safety, and to address health and environmental risks from chlorpyrifos exposure. In 2000, the registrants of chlorpyrifos voluntarily entered into an agreement with EPA to eliminate, phase out, and modify certain uses. Some examples of the voluntary cancellations and modifications in the agreement include: Eliminating most homeowner uses, except ant and roach baits in child resistant packaging and fire ant mound treatments, and phasing out all termiticide uses. Discontinuing all uses of chlorpyrifos products in the United States on tomatoes, restricting use on apples to pre-bloom and dormant application, and lowering the grape tolerance (maximum residue level) to reflect the labeled dormant application. Read the 2006 Registration Eligibility Decision (RED) for chlorpyrifos, which finalized the 2002 Interim RED, and includes an overview of the chlorpyrifos human health risk assessment for reregistration. 2002  Label Changes to Ensure Environmental and Worker Safety In 2002, EPA made a number of changes to the required safety measures that improved safety for the environment and for those applying this pesticide including: Use of buffer zones to protect water quality, fish and wildlife; Reductions in application rates per season on a variety of crops including citrus and corn; and Increase in amount of personal protective equipment to mitigate risk to agricultural workers. 2011  Preliminary Human Health Risk Assessment In 2011, as part of the registration review process, EPA completed a comprehensive preliminary human health risk assessment for all chlorpyrifos uses. This assessment included the results of extensive new research and the findings of a number of new studies that had become available since the agencys last human health risk assessment for chlorpyrifos, completed in June 2000. Read the 2011 human health risk assessment for chlorpyrifos. 2012  Spray Drift Mitigation and Changes to Application Rates In 2012, EPA significantly lowered the aerial pesticide application rates and created no-spray buffer zones for ground, airblast and aerial application methods around public spaces, including recreational areas, schools, homes and other sensitive areas to be protective of children and other bystanders. Read the 2012 Spray Drift Mitigation Decision for chlorpyrifos. 2014  Revised Human Health Risk Assessment In 2014, as part of the registration review process, EPA completed a revised human health risk assessment for all chlorpyrifos uses. The assessment updated the June 2011 preliminary human health risk assessment based on new information received, including public comments. EPA factored in exposures from multiple sources including from the exposures from food and water, from inhaling the pesticide and through the skin. EPA considered all populations including infants, children, and women of child-bearing age. EPA incorporated information from a 2012 assessment of spray drift exposure and as well as new restrictions put into place to limit spray drift. Read the 2014 human health risk assessment for chlorpyrifos. 2016  Revised Human Health Risk Assessment After receiving public comments on the 2014 risk assessment and feedback from the FIFRA Scientific Advisory Panel, EPA revised its human health risk assessment for chlorpyrifos in 2016. Read the 2016 human health risk assessment for chlorpyrifos. 2017  Denial of Petition to Revoke Tolerances In March 2017, EPA denied a petition that asked us to revoke all pesticide tolerances (maximum residue levels in food) for chlorpyrifos and cancel all chlorpyrifos registrations. The Agency concluded that despite several years of study, the science addressing neurodevelopmental effects remains unresolved and further evaluation of the science during the remaining time for completion of registration review is warranted. As a part of the ongoing registration review, we will continue to review the science addressing neurodevelopmental effects of chlorpyrifos. Read the Federal Register notice announcing our response to the petition. Top of Page Registration Review Schedule Currently, chlorpyrifos remains registered as it undergoes registration review, a program that re-evaluates all pesticides on a 15-year cycle. Registration review ensures pesticides will not cause unreasonable adverse effects when used according to label directions and precautions and that there is a reasonable certainty of no harm from dietary and residential exposure. All documents related to the registration review can be located in the registration review docket EPA-HQ-OPP-2008-0850 located at www.regulations.gov. We will continue to evaluate the potential risks posed by chlorpyrifos as part of the ongoing registration review and intend to complete our assessment by the statutory deadline of October 1, 2022. Anticipated milestones in the completion of the chlorpyrifos registration review include: Revise the Human Health Risk Assessment (HHRA); 60-day Public Comment on the HHRA; Response to comments document and Benefits Assessment; Proposed interim decision (PID) outlining any proposed mitigation; 60-day Public Comment on the PID; Address public comments received on the PID, develop Interim Decision, and include required mitigation; and Revise the 2006 organophosphate cumulative risk assessment after the single chemical risk assessments and Interim Decisions for all the organophosphates are completed. Top of Page Additional Information Top of Page <N> by Carol M. Browner [EPA speech - June 8, 2000] Today, the Clinton-Gore Administration is announcing a major step to improve safety for all Americans from the health risks posed by pesticides. We are eliminating virtually all home and garden uses of Dursban -- the most widely used household pesticide in the United States. This action comes after completing the most extensive scientific review of the potential hazards from a pesticide ever conducted. This action -- the result of an agreement with the manufacturers -- will significantly minimize potential health risks from exposure to Dursban, also called chlorpyrifos, for all Americans, especially children. This action is good news for the protection of our country's public health. It is good news for the environment. And it is particularly good news for children, who are among the most vulnerable to the risks posed by pesticides. In 1993, the Clinton-Gore Administration went to Congress with a plan -- based on recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences -- to better protect our families from the risks of pesticides by making children's health the benchmark for safety. We did this because children are not just small adults. Their bodies are still developing and more susceptible to risks from toxic chemicals. They play on floors and in yards where pesticides have been applied. And they eat proportionately more food with respect to body weight than do adults. When our health and safety standards protect children, the entire public is protected. Three years after Congress received this plan from the Clinton-Gore Administration, it unanimously passed the Food Quality Protection Act. President Clinton signed it into law in 1996. Last summer EPA took the first actions under the new law against two pesticides that posed the greatest threats to children at that time: methyl parathion and azinphos methyl. Today we are taking action against chlorpyrifos -- the most commonly used pesticide in homes, buildings and schools. Dursban is the common trade name, but it is one product of more than 800 containing the chemical chlorpyrifos, which today's action affects. Chlorpyrifos is commonly found in many home-and-garden bug sprays. It is used in some treatments of termites. And it is used on some agricultural crops. It belongs to a family of older, riskier pesticides called organophosphates, some of which date back 50 years or more. The time has come to review these pesticides for safety, and, where the science dictates, remove those chemicals that pose an unreasonable threat to human health and move to newer, safer alternatives. That is what we are doing today. With today's announcement, we are taking the fastest action possible for removing these household products from the market: This action: will virtually eliminate home, lawn and garden uses by the end of the year. It will virtually eliminate all termite-control uses in existing homes by the end of the year. It will eliminate this year the use of chlorpyrifos for all sensitive areas, such as schools, day cares, parks, hospitals, nursing homes and malls by the end of the year. It will eliminate or dramatically lower pesticide residues on several foods by next growing season. And, finally, it will eliminate the use of chlorpyrifos as a termiticide for new home-and-building construction by the end of 2004. I am pleased that the major manufacturers, Dow AgroSciences and others, have entered into this agreement to ensure that the risk reductions we are seeking will begin as quickly as possible. Today's action is part of an overall commitment by the Clinton-Gore Administration to protect public health and the environment that begins with our children. The protection of children has guided the actions we've taken for cleaner air to breathe. The protection of children has guided the actions we've taken for safer drinking water. And the protection of children has guided the actions we are taking for safer pesticide use. Today's action represents another significant step in safeguarding the health of our children, and therefore the health of all Americans. <N> 03/29/2017 -- Today, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  Administrator Scott Pruitt signed an order denying a petition that sought to ban chlorpyrifos, a pesticide crucial to U.S. agriculture.We need to provide regulatory certainty to the thousands of American farms that rely on chlorpyrifos, while still protecting human health and the environment, said EPA Administrator Pruitt. By reversing the previous Administrations steps to ban one of the most widely used pesticides in the world, we are returning to using sound science in decision-making  rather than predetermined results.This is a welcome decision grounded in evidence and science, said Sheryl Kunickis, director of the Office of Pest Management Policy at the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). It means that this important pest management tool will remain available to growers, helping to ensure an abundant and affordable food supply for this nation and the world. This frees American farmers from significant trade disruptions that could have been caused by an unnecessary, unilateral revocation of chlorpyrifos tolerances in the United States. It is also great news for consumers, who will continue to have access to a full range of both domestic and imported fruits and vegetables. We thank our colleagues at EPA for their hard work.In October 2015, under the previous Administration, EPA proposed to revoke all food residue tolerances for chlorpyrifos, an active ingredient in insecticides. This proposal was issued in response to a petition from the Natural Resources Defense Council and Pesticide Action Network North America. The October 2015 proposal largely relied on certain epidemiological study outcomes, whose application is novel and uncertain, to reach its conclusions.The public record lays out serious scientific concerns and substantive process gaps in the proposal. Reliable data, overwhelming in both quantity and quality, contradicts the reliance on  and misapplication of  studies to establish the end points and conclusions used to rationalize the proposal.The USDA disagrees with the methodology used by the previous Administration. Similarly, the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture also objected to EPAs methodology. The Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) Scientific Advisory Panel (SAP) also expressed concerns with regard to EPAs previous reliance on certain data the Agency had used to support its proposal to ban the pesticide.The FIFRA SAP is a federal advisory committee operating in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act and established under the provisions of FIFRA, as amended by the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996. It provides scientific advice, information and recommendations to the EPA Administrator on pesticides and pesticide-related issues regarding the impact of regulatory decisions on health and the environment.To view the petition: _LINKS_ <N> WASHINGTON   Dow Chemical is pushing a Trump administration open to scrapping regulations to ignore the findings of federal scientists who point to a family of widely used pesticides as harmful to about 1,800 critically threatened or endangered species. Lawyers representing Dow, whose CEO is a close adviser to Trump, and two other manufacturers of organophosphates sent letters last week to the heads of three of Trump's Cabinet agencies. The companies asked them "to set aside" the results of government studies the companies contend are fundamentally flawed. Dow Chemical wrote a $1 million check to help underwrite Trump's inaugural festivities, and its chairman and CEO, Andrew Liveris, heads a White House manufacturing working group. The industry's request comes after EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt announced last month he was reversing an Obama-era effort to bar the use of Dow's chlorpyrifos pesticide on food after recent peer-reviewed studies found that even tiny levels of exposure could hinder the development of children's brains. In his prior job as Oklahoma's attorney general, Pruitt often aligned himself in legal disputes with the interests of executives and corporations who supported his state campaigns. He filed more than a dozen lawsuits seeking to overturn some of the same regulations he is now charged with enforcing. Pruitt declined to answer questions from reporters Wednesday as he toured a polluted Superfund site in Indiana. A spokesman for the agency later told AP that Pruitt won't "prejudge" any potential rule-making decisions as "we are trying to restore regulatory sanity to EPA's work." The letters to Cabinet heads, dated April 13, were obtained by The Associated Press. As with the recent human studies of chlorpyrifos, Dow hired its own scientists to produce a lengthy rebuttal to the government studies. Over the past four years, government scientists have compiled an official record running more than 10,000 pages indicating the three pesticides under review  chlorpyrifos, diazinon and malathion  pose a risk to nearly every endangered species they studied. Regulators at the three federal agencies, which share responsibilities for enforcing the Endangered Species Act, are close to issuing findings expected to result in new limits on how and where the highly toxic pesticides can be used. "We have had no meetings with Dow on this topic and we are reviewing petitions as they come in, giving careful consideration to sound science and good policymaking," said J.P. Freire, EPA's associate administrator for public affairs. "The administrator is committed to listening to stakeholders affected by EPA's regulations, while also reviewing past decisions." The office of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who oversees the Natural Marine Fisheries Service, did not respond to emailed questions. A spokeswoman for Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who oversees the Fish and Wildlife Service, referred questions back to EPA. The EPA's recent biological evaluation of chlorpyrifos found the pesticide is "likely to adversely affect" 1,778 of the 1,835 animals and plants accessed as part of its study, including critically endangered or threatened species of frogs, fish, birds and mammals. Similar results were shown for malathion and diazinon. In a statement, the Dow subsidiary that sells chlorpyrifos said its lawyers asked for the EPA's biological assessment to be withdrawn because its "scientific basis was not reliable." "Dow AgroSciences is committed to the production and marketing of products that will help American farmers feed the world, and do so with full respect for human health and the environment, including endangered and threatened species," the statement said. "These letters, and the detailed scientific analyses that support them, demonstrate that commitment." FMC Corp., which sells malathion, said the withdrawal of the EPA studies would allow the necessary time for the "best available" scientific data to be compiled. "Malathion is a critical tool in protecting agriculture from damaging pests," the company said. Diazinon maker Makhteshim Agan of North America Inc., which does business under the name Adama, did not respond to emails seeking comment. Environmental advocates said Wednesday that criticism of the government's scientists was unfounded. The methods used to conduct EPA's biological evaluations were developed by the National Academy of Sciences. Brett Hartl, government affairs director for the Center for Biological Diversity, said Dow's experts were trying to hold EPA scientists to an unrealistic standard of data collection that could only be achieved under "perfect laboratory conditions." "You can't just take an endangered fish out of the wild, take it to the lab and then expose it to enough pesticides until it dies to get that sort of data," Hartl said. "It's wrong morally, and it's illegal." Organophosphorus gas was originally developed as a chemical weapon by Nazi Germany. Dow has been selling Chlorpyrifos for spraying on citrus fruits, apples, cherries and other crops since the 1960s. It is among the most widely used agricultural pesticides in the United States, with Dow selling about 5 million pounds domestically each year. As a result, traces of the chemical are commonly found in sources of drinking water. A 2012 study at the University of California at Berkeley found that 87 percent of umbilical-cord blood samples tested from newborn babies contained detectable levels of chlorpyrifos. In 2005, the Bush administration ordered an end to residential use of diazinon to kill yard pests such as ants and grub worms after determining that it poses a human health risk, particularly to children. However it is still approved for use by farmers, who spray it on fruits and vegetables. Malathion is widely sprayed to control mosquitoes and fruit flies. It is also an active ingredient in some shampoos prescribed to children for treating lice. A coalition of environmental groups has fought in court for years to spur EPA to more closely examine the risk posed to humans and endangered species by pesticides, especially organophosphates. "Endangered species are the canary in the coal mine," Hartl said. Since many of the threatened species are aquatic, he said they are often the first to show the effects of long-term chemical contamination in rivers and lakes used as sources of drinking water by humans. Dow, which spent more than $13.6 million on lobbying in 2016, has long wielded substantial political power in the nation's capital. There is no indication the chemical giant's influence has waned. When Trump signed an executive order in February mandating the creation of task forces at federal agencies to roll back government regulations, Dow's chief executive was at Trump's side. "Andrew, I would like to thank you for initially getting the group together and for the fantastic job you've done," Trump said as he signed the order during an Oval Office ceremony. The president then handed his pen to Liveris to keep as a souvenir. Rachelle Schikorra, the director of public affairs for Dow Chemical, said any suggestion that the company's $1 million donation to Trump's inaugural committee was intended to help influence regulatory decisions is "completely off the mark." "Dow actively participates in policymaking and political processes, including political contributions to candidates, parties and causes, in compliance with all applicable federal and state laws," Schikorra said. "Dow maintains and is committed to the highest standard of ethical conduct in all such activity." ___ Associated Press reporters Jack Gillum in Washington and Sophia Tareen in East Chicago, Indiana, contributed to this story. ___ Follow AP environmental writer Michael Biesecker at www.Twitter.com/mbieseck ___ Online: _LINKS_ <N> I.G. Farben I.G. Farbenindustrie AG German Industry and the Holocaust IG Farben offices in Frankfurt, Germany I.G. Farben was a German Limited Company that was a conglomerate of eight leading German chemical manufacturers, including Bayer, Hoechst and BASF, which at the time were the largest chemical firms in existence. Prior to the First World War these firms had established a community of interests  Interessengemeinschaft  hence the initials I.G. which merged into a single company on the 25 December 1925, thus constituting the largest chemical enterprise, in the whole world. I.G. Farbens share capital in 1926 was 1.1 million reichsmarks; its turnover increased from 1.2 billion reichsmarks in 1926 to 3.1 billion reichsmarks in 1943. On the German market IGF had a monopoly and it was Germanys largest single exporter, the first chairman of its board was Dr Karl Bosch, who had previously been the chief executive officer of BASF. Costly innovations such as the production of synthetic rubber (Buna) from coal or gasoline, persuaded IGF, when the economic crisis of the 1920s and 1930s that the company should establish close ties with Hitler and the Nazi Party. At an early stage Hitler had become aware of the opportunity for Germany to become independent of imported raw materials by means of the processes established by I.G. Farben. In order to be profitable the new IGF products needed an assured market, and Hitler indicated that he would be ready to give guarantees for the purchase by the state of these products, in appropriate quantities. Reichsfuehrer SS Heinrich Himmler tours the Monowitz-Buna building site in the company of SS officers and IG Farben engineers At a meeting of leading German industrialists with Hjalmar Schacht, Hermann Goering and Heinrich Himmler, held on the 20 February 1933, IGF contributed 400,000 reichsmarks to the Nazi Party, the largest single amount in the total sum of 3 million reichsmarks raised at this meeting by German industrialists for the Nazi Partys election campaign. Notwithstanding the presence on the IGF board of several Jewish members, and the fact that even after 1933 Nazi propaganda continued for a time to attack IGF as an example of an international Jewish firm that was exploiting its workers, the contacts between IGFs management and the government became increasingly close, since the products of the great chemical conglomerate were an indispensable element in the Nazis drive to re-arm. The Four- Year plan proposed by Hitler in 1936, which intended to put the entire German industry on a war footing, further enhanced IGFs influence. A member of the board, Carl Krauch, was given a leading position in the organisation, headed by Goering that had the task of implementing the Four  Year Plan. By this time the company was also adapting itself to the regimes ideological requirements; in 1933 Bosch had still objected  although in vain  to the removal of Jewish scientists from the company and from various scientific institutions, but by 1937 no Jews were left in the IGF executive or on its board of directors. The majority of the board members joined the Nazi Party; by means of economic and political blackmail, IGF took over important chemical factories in the areas annexed to the Reich or occupied by the Germans. The IF Farben plant at Monowitz, 1941 Bosch resigned his post as chief executive officer in 1935 and was instead elected chairman of the board, his successor as chief executive officer was Hermann Schmitz, a member of the BASF board. After Boschs death on the 26 April 1940 , Krauch took his place as chairman of the board, adding this position to the different posts he held in the Four-Year Plan administration. More than anyone else, Krauch personified the link between private industry and the growing government involvement in economic life during the Nazi period. In connection with the economic preparations for the forthcoming war against the Soviet Union, the IGF board, with government support, decided to establish an additional Buna works and installations for the production of synthetic fuels. The board decided on Auschwitz in Upper Silesia, as the place where the new installation was to be located, not only because of the excellent rail links and the proximity of its coal mines, but primarily because the concentration camp being constructed offered IGF with a considerable and cheap workforce, up to 10,000 prisoners to build the new plant. Board members Otto Ambros and Heinrich Butefisch were responsible for the Auschwitz plant in their capacity as the managers in charge of Buna and gasoline respectively. Dr Walter Durrfeld became general manager. At first, the plant managers protested against the maltreatment of the prisoners working in the plant and their poor physical condition, but Durrfeldeventually went along with SS policy, in order to speed up the work. There were 5 IG Farben owned or contracted manufacturing plants that produced Buna, most of which utilized slave labor: Dwory German decoder regarding security at the Buna Werks After a contract was initiated by a March 2, 1942 contract with "IG Farbenindustrie AG Auschwitz", the synthetic rubber and oil plant at Dwory (near Auschwitz III-Monowitz, which provided forced labor) was under construction in November 1943). The Buna Chemical Plant) produced synthetic oil and rubber (from coal) was the beginning of SS activity and camps in this location during the Holocaust. At its peak in 1944, this factory made use of 83,000 slave laborers. The pesticide Zyklon B, for which IG Farben held the patent, was manufactured by Degesch (Deutsche Gesellschaft fr Schdlingsbekmpfung), which IG Farben owned 42.2 percent of (in shares) and which had IG Farben managers in its Managing Committee. Today, the plant operates as "Dwory S.A." Frankfurt In addition to the IG Farben building at Frankfurt, a Hoechst AG chemical factory in Frankfurt was bombed by the RAF on September 26, 1944. Ludwigshafen and Oppau The I.G. Farbenindustrie, A. G., Works, Ludwigshafen and Oppau had several chemical plants. Plitz North Germany (today Police, Poland) In 1937, IG Farben, Rhenania-Ossag, and Deutsch-Amerikanische Petroleum Gesellschaft founded the Hydrierwerke Plitz AG synthetic fuel plant. By 1943, the plant produced 15% of Nazi Germany's synthetic fuels, 577,000. Jewish slave labor at the Auschitz/Monowitz Buna plant Waldenburg An IG Farben plant was at Waldenburg. In the middle of 1942 a new section of the concentration camp  Auschwitz  Monowitz was established, close to the site of the I.G. Farben works, to house the prisoners working there and thereby save the time-consuming daily march from and to the main camp  Auschwitz 1. The prisoners performance however, never came close to IGFs expectations and was always considerably inferior to that of workers who had their liberty. The Buna production never got started  in part because of the Allied air attacks  and only small quantities of synthetic fuels were actually produced. On the 17 July 1942 Reichsfuhrer- SS Heinrich Himmler carries out a second inspection tour of the Auschwitz complex. The Gauleiter of Upper Silesia Bracht, SS-General Schmauser, SS  Lieutenant General Kammler also take part. After a full tour of the various industrial and agricultural project Himmler attends the full extermination process at Birkenau, where he witnesses the unloading, the selection of the able-bodied, the mass murder by gassing in Bunker 2. An aerial reconnaissance photograph of the Auschwitz concentration camp showing the Auschwitz III Buna plant. Following this Himmler and his retinue undertake a tour of the Buna plant and the installation of a sewage gas plant. The tour of Buna is extensively photographed. After the defeat of the Third Reich at the International Military Tribunal held in Nuremberg, the United States, as the occupying power, conducted trials against the top officials of three major industrial concerns- Krupp, Flick, and I. G. Farben. The IG Farben Trial was the largest of all industrial trials. All defendants were indicted for the same crimes as the Krupp defendants: planning and waging of wars of aggression, conspiracy for this purpose, economic plundering, and forced labour and enslavement of prisoners of wars, deported persons, and concentration-camp inmates. Furthermore, three defendants were indicted for SS membership. The prosecutors were convinced that their material would provide ample evidence that even long before Hitlers accession to power, the managers of IG Farben had desired a dictatorship that would be "able to act without taking the whims of the masses into consideration" and that they had wanted to "dominate the entire European chemical industry, if possible also outside Europe". Even before Hitler seized power, IG Farben had entered agreements with him for government support for the expansion of their synthetic gasoline facilities. In the IGF trial the accused were the chairman of the board Carl Krauch and several of his associates including Durrfeld. The major charges were: 1. Preparing and waging aggressive war. 2. Crimes against humanity by looting the occupied territories. 3. Enslaving and murdering civil populations, prisoners of war and prisoners from the occupied territories. Reichsfuehrer SS Heinrich Himmler (bottom left) descends a wooden staircase during a tour of the Monowitz-Buna building site in the company of Max Faust Prosecutor Telford Taylor asserted that the relations between IG Farben and the Nazi state had been "far beyond the scope of technical concerns and extremely aggressive and focused on war in every aspect". However, this evidence failed to impress two of the three judges. All the defendants were acquitted of the first count, nine were found guilty of the second. Krauch, Fritz ter Meer  the board member responsible for the entire Buna production  Ambros, Butefisch and Durrfeld were found guilty of the third. Against the last four defendants, the decisive factor was their role in the construction of the Auschwitz installations, the tribunal did not find the IGF board criminally involved in the poison-gas deliveries made by the Degesch company. The sentences imposed on Ambros and Durrfeld were the most severe  eight years each, by 1951 however, all the IGF officials convicted had been released from prison. Under Allied Control Council Law No.9 of the 30 November 1945, IGF assets were seized by the Control Council, which in turn handed them over to the four occupying powers, instructing them that installations for the manufacture of war material were to be destroyed, certain plants were to be appropriated as war reparations, and the entire conglomerate was to be broken up. The defendants of the IG Farben trial The IGF plants located in the Soviet zone of occupation were nationalised, however, in the zones occupied by the Western powers no change of ownership took place. Basically the conglomerate was broken up into its original three major component parts  Bayer, BASF, and Hoechst  whose balance sheet by the end of the 1950s already exceeded that of the original IGF. The final IGF Liquidation Act of the 21 January 1955, removed all the remaining restrictions imposed by the Allies; many of the top officials of IGF including Ter Meer and Ambros were soon again in leading positions in the German chemical industry. A court of the Federal Republic of Germany in a 1953 decision established the principle that a Jewish prisoner who had been forced to work for IGF in Monowitz had a right to sue the company for compensation. In the wake of this decision and after prolonged negotiations, the residual company IGF in Liquidation agreed to put 27 million deutschmarks at the disposal of the Jewish Material Claims Conference to cover the claims of all Jewish forced labourers and prisoners who had been compelled to work at Monowitz. The payment was made on a purely voluntary basis and was not to be classed as an admission of guilt. IGF did not pay any compensation to non-Jewish forced labourers and prisoners. Sources: The Crime and Punishment of I.G. Farben, New York, London: The Free Press, Borkin, Joseph Die I.G. Farbenindustrie Aktiengesellschaft (1925-1933): Ein Chemiekonzern in der Weimarer Republik, Berlin: H. Tammen Encyclopaedia of the Holocaust - Israel Gutman (Ed) - New York 1990 The Auschwitz Chronicle by Danuta Czech published by Henry Holt and Company New York 1990 Holocaust Historical Society National Archives Kew Wiener Library Copyright 2010 Chris Webb H.E.A.R.T <N> E X T O X N E T Extension Toxicology Network A Pesticide Information Project of Cooperative Extension Offices of Cornell University, Michigan State University, Oregon State University, and University of California at Davis. Major support and funding was provided by the USDA/Extension Service/National Agricultural Pesticide Impact Assessment Program. T oxicology I nformation B rief Cholinesterase Inhibition Publication Date: 9/93 WHAT IS CHOLINESTERASE? Human exposure to cholinesterase inhibiting chemicals can result from inhalation, ingestion, or eye or skin contact during the manufacture, mixing, or applications of these pesticides. HOW DOES IT WORK? Let us look at a typical synapse in the body's nervous system, in which a muscle is being directed by a nerve to move. An electrical signal, or nerve impulse, is conducted by acetylcholine across the junction between the nerve and the muscle (the synapse) stimulating the muscle to move. Normally, after the appropriate response is accomplished, cholinesterase is released which breaks down the acetylcholine terminating the stimulation of the muscle. The enzyme acetylcholine accomplishes this by chemically breaking the compound into other compounds and removing them from the nerve junction. If acetylcholinesterase is unable to breakdown or remove acetylcholine, the muscle can continue to move uncontrollably. Electrical impulses can fire away continuously unless the number of messages being sent through the synapse is limited by the action of cholinesterase. Repeated and unchecked firing of electrical signals can cause uncontrolled, rapid twitching of some muscles, paralyzed breathing, convulsions, and in extreme cases, death. This is summarized below. Exposure to: carbamates organophosphates chlorinated derivatives of nicotine May result in: build-up of acetylcholine cholinesterase inhibition constant firing of electrical messages potential symptoms of: twitching, trembling, paralyzed breathing, convulsions, and in extreme cases, death. WHICH PESTICIDES CAN INHIBIT CHOLINESTERASE? Organophosphate insecticides include some of the most toxic pesticides. They can enter the human body through skin absorption, inhalation and ingestion. They can affect cholinesterase activity in both red blood cells and in blood plasma, and can act directly, or in combination with other enzymes, on cholinesterase in the body. The following list includes some of the most commonly used OPs: acephate (Orthene) Aspon azinphos-methyl (Guthion) carbofuran (Furadan, F formulation) carbophenothion (Trithion) chlorfenvinphos (Birlane) chlorpyrifos (Dursban, Lorsban) coumaphos (Co-Ral) crotoxyphos (Ciodrin, Ciovap) crufomate (Ruelene) demeton (Systox) diazinon (Spectracide) dichlorvos (DDVP, Vapona) dicrotophos (Bidrin) dimethoate (Cygon, De-Fend) dioxathion (Delnav) disulfoton (Di-Syston) EPN ethion ethoprop (Mocap) famphur fenamiphos (Nemacur) fenitrothion (Sumithion) fensulfothion (Dasanit) fenthion (Baytex, Tiguvon) fonofos (Dyfonate) isofenfos (Oftanol, Amaze) malathion (Cythion) methamidophos (Monitor) methidathion (Supracide) methyl parathion mevinphos (Phosdrin) monocrotophos naled (Dibrom) oxydemeton-methyl(Meta systox-R) parathion (Niran, Phoskil) phorate (Thimet) phosalone (Zolonc) phosmet (Irnidan, Prolate) phosphamidon (Dimecron) temephos (Abate) TEPP terbufos (Counter) tetrachlorvinphos (Rabon, Ravap) trichlorfon (Dylox, Neguvon) Carbamates, like organophosphates, vary widely in toxicity and work by inhibiting plasma cholinesterase. Some examples of carbamates are listed below: aldicarb (Temik) bendiocarb (Ficam) bufencarb carbaryl (Sevin) carbofuran(Furadan) formetanate (Carzol) methiocarb (Mesurol) methomyl (Lannate, Nudrin) oxamyl (Vydate) pinmicarb (Pirimor) propoxur (Baygon) WHAT HAPPENS AS A RESULT OF OVEREXPOSURE TO CHOLINESTERASE INHIBITING PESTICIDES? Signs and symptoms of cholinesterase inhibition from exposure to CMs or OPs include the following: In mild cases (within 4 - 24 hours of contact): tiredness, weakness, dizziness, nausea and blurred vision; In moderate cases (within 4 - 24 hours of contact): headache, sweating, tearing, drooling, vomiting, tunnel vision, and twitching; In severe cases (after continued daily absorption): abdominal cramps, urinating, diarrhea, muscular tremors, staggering gait, pinpoint pupils, hypotension (abnormally low blood pressure), slow heartbeat, breathing difficulty, and possibly death, if not promptly treated by a physician. Unfortunately, some of the above symptoms can be confused with influenza (flu), heat prostration, alcohol intoxication, exhaustion, hypoglycemia (low blood sugar), asthma, gastroenteritis, pneumonia, and brain hemorrhage. This can cause problems if the symptoms of lowered cholinesterase levels are either ignored or misdiagnosed as something more or less harmful than they really are. The types and severity of cholinesterase inhibition symptoms depend on: the toxicity of the pesticide. the amount of pesticide involved in the exposure. the route of exposure. the duration of exposure. Although the signs of cholinesterase inhibition are similar for both carbamate and organophosphate poisoning, blood cholinesterase returns to safe levels much more quickly after exposure to CMs than after OP exposure. Depending on the degree of exposure, cholinesterase levels may return to pre-exposure levels after a period ranging from several hours to several days for carbamate exposure, and from a few days to several weeks for organophosphates. When symptoms of decreased cholinesterase levels first appear, it is impossible to tell whether a poisoning will be mild or severe. In many instances, when the skin is contaminated, symptoms can quickly go from mild to severe even though the area is washed. Certain chemicals can continue to be absorbed through the skin in spite of cleaning efforts. If someone experiences any of these symptoms, especially a combination of four or more of these symptoms during pesticide handling or through other sources of exposure, they should immediately remove themselves from possible further exposure. Work should not be started again until first aid or medical attention is given and the work area has been decontaminated. Work practices, possible sources of exposure, and protective precautions should also be carefully examined. The victim of poisoning should be transported to the nearest hospital or poison center at the first sign(s) of poisoning. Atropine and pralidoxime (2-PAM, Protopam) chloride may be given by the physician for organophosphate poisoning; atropine is the only antidote needed to treat cholinesterase inhibition resulting from carbamate exposure (9). WHY MONITOR CHOLINESTERASE? WHAT IS THE CHOLINESTERASE TEST? When a cholinesterase blood test is taken, two types of cholinesterase can be detected. Physicians find plasma cholinesterase readings helpful for detecting the early, acute effects of organophosphate poisoning, while red blood cell readings are useful in evaluating long-term, or chronic, exposure (8). The cholinesterase test is a blood test used to measure the effect of exposure to certain or cholinesterase-affected insecticides. Both plasma (or serum) and red blood cell (RBC) cholinesterase should be tested. These two tests have different meanings and the combined report is needed by the physician for a complete understanding of the individual's particular cholinesterase situation. Laboratory methods for cholinesterase testing differ greatly, and results obtained by one method cannot be easily compared with results obtained by another. Sometimes there is also considerable variation in test results between laboratories using the same testing method. Whenever possible, cholinesterase monitoring for an individual should be performed in the same laboratory, using a consistent testing method. The approved methods are: Michel, microMichel, pH stat, Ellman, micro-Ellman, and certain variations of these. Micro methods have the advantage of not necessitating venipuncture, the drawing of blood from a vein by puncturing the vein with a needle attached to a collecting tube. The Ellman technique is considered better for detecting cholinesterase inhibition caused by carbamates. Many of the various "kit" methods in use are not satisfactory, particularly those which can be used only for plasma (or serum) determinations. WHO NEEDS TO BE TESTED? WHEN SHOULD SOMEONE BE TESTED AND HOW OFTEN? The extent of potential pesticide poisoning can be better understood if cholinesterase tests taken after exposure to the cholinesterase inhibiting pesticides can be compared to the individual's baseline, pre-exposure measurement. Workers that receive routine exposure to organophosphate or carbamate pesticides should be offered an initial pre-employment check of their blood cholinesterase levels to establish "baseline values" prior to any exposure to these agrochemicals. If no pre-exposure value was obtained, however, the earliest cholinesterase value recorded can be used for later comparison. Excessive exposure to OPs and CMs depresses the cholinesterase so markedly that a diagnosis can also be made without previous baseline testing. If an individual's cholinesterase levels drop 30 percent below the original baseline level, immediate retesting should be done. While there is no set formula for deciding the frequency of cholinesterase testing, in general, the initial baseline test should be followed by subsequent cholinesterase testing on a regular (usually monthly) basis. This testing should be done weekly during the active season, however, when workers are employed full-time and regularly using OPs and CMs labelled "DANGER." The test should be repeated any time a worker becomes sick while working with OPs, or within 12 hours of his/her last exposure. Several factors should be considered in deciding how often someone should have his/her cholinesterase levels tested: The extent and seriousness of the possible exposure. This will vary with the toxicity of the pesticides being used and how often they are handled. The type of work being done and the equipment being used may involve different risks of exposure. Work practices have an important effect on worker safety. Some good practices include: the proper use of protective clothing and equipment; showering after each job; avoidance of drinking, eating and smoking in pesticide contaminated areas; prompt and effective decontamination in the event of spills. The past safety record of a company and the work history and experience of an individual. The physician's experience and familiarity with a specific work force may be an additional factor. HOW DOES SOMEONE GET TESTED? Baseline blood samples should be taken at a time when the worker has not been exposed to organophosphate and carbamate pesticides for at least 30 days. Establishing a stable baseline requires a minimum of two pre-exposure tests taken at least 3 days but not more than 14 days apart. If these two tests differ by as much as 20 percent, a third sample should be taken and the two closest values averaged and considered the true baseline. WHAT ARE THE LIMITS OF CHOLINESTERASE TESTING? While carbamates (CMs) cause a depression in cholinesterase levels, the enzyme levels may return to baseline levels within hours of exposure, perhaps before test results are returned. When the effects of over-exposure to CMs are being checked, blood must be drawn during actual exposure or not more than 4 hours thereafter. If the drawing of blood and the actual completion of the laboratory test is delayed for more than 4 hours, reactivation of the enzyme will have taken place in the blood. This situation makes it hard for the physician to know the extent to which cholinesterase was inhibited, and to fully assess the seriousness of any safety problems which might exist in the work environment. HOW ARE THE TESTS INTERPRETED? A reported change in an individual's cholinesterase level may result from something other than a pesticide exposure, or it may be the result of laboratory error, but this should never be assumed to be the case. If the report shows a worker's cholinesterase level has dropped 20 percent below his/her baseline in either plasma or RBC, he/she should be retested immediately. If the second test repeats the same low values, faulty work practices should be carefully looked for and steps should be taken to correct them. A 30 percent drop below the individual's baseline of RBC cholinesterase or plasma cholinesterase means that the individual should be removed from all exposure to organophosphates and carbamates, with the individual not being allowed to return until both levels return to the pre-exposure baseline range. Removal from exposure means avoidance of areas where the materials are handled or mixed and avoidance of any contact with open containers or with equipment that is used for mixing, dusting or spraying organophosphates or carbamates. A worker removed from exposure to cholinesterase inhibitors may be employed at other types of work. WHERE CAN ONE GET TESTED AND WHAT IS THE COST OF THE TEST? The 1986 estimates on the cost of individual cholinesterase tests range from $7.00 to $60.00, with the average test costing approximately $35.00. The quality of tests will improve and prices will be lowered if and when testing methods are standardized and automated. WHAT IS THE CURRENT STATUS OF CHOLINESTERASE SURVEILLANCE PROGRAMS? INFORMATION AND RESOURCES <N> [+]Enlarge Hitler strategizing with military generals. Credit: Federal Archives of Germany, Bild 146-1971-070-61 Among chemical weapons, nerve gases are arguably the most nefarious. Trace amounts can wreak long-term havoc on a victims nervous system, and high doses can cause painful deaths, typically by asphyxiation. [+]Enlarge Gerhard Schrader, creator of tabun and sarin. Credit: Bayer AG Corporate History & Archives Nerve agents have been used by armies and terrorists alike. They were dispatched on the battlefield of the Iran-Iraq War, during the Tokyo subway attack of 1995, and more recently on demonstrators in Syria. Despite their infamy, these chemical weapons have a curious history unknown to many people: Eighty years ago, just before World War II began, nerve agents were invented in Nazi Germany. During the Third Reich, German scientists developed bombs capable of deploying the chemical weapons on the Allies, and the Nazi armed forces secretly stockpiled nerve gas munitions. Had Germany employed nerve agents on the battlefield or for strategic attacks against British cities, there was little doubt that the initial effects would have been devastating, noted the late chemical weapons expert Jonathan B. Tucker in War of Nerves. Read on to find out about the accidental discovery of nerve agents, why Adolf Hitler did not drop them on Allied troops, and how their worldwide proliferation was partly the result of the Cold War rivalry between WWII victors. A dark discovery [+]Enlarge Gerhard Schrader in his lab at IG Farben. Credit: Bayer AG Corporate History & Archives As it happens so often in science research, nerve agents were discovered accidentally. Gerhard Schrader, a 33-year-old German chemist at the IG Farben chemical conglomerate, had been tasked with developing new insecticides. The goal, mandated by Third Reich strategists, was to reduce Germanys reliance on food imported from abroad. To do so, the country needed to prevent insect pests from depleting its food supply. After several setbacksSchrader had failed to make viable fluorine- and sulfur-based pesticidesthe chemist began to experiment with molecules that combined phosphorus and cyanide. An early candidate was so poisonous that exposure to trace amounts sent Schrader to the hospital for several weeks. Then on Dec. 23, 1936, Schrader built a compound he called Preparation 9/91. It was a dramatic poison: Dilute solutions destroyed insect food pests and also caused vomiting, shortness of breath, pupil dilation, drooling, sweating, diarrhea, and death in apes and other mammals. By the metrics of his employers, Schrader had failed: Pesticides should selectively kill pests, not a wide variety of animals. Given the molecules toxicity to humans, however, IG Farben alerted the German military about this poisonous new compound.  Top Taboo development [+]Enlarge Berlins Spandau Citadel today. Tabun and sarin were militarized here in the Third Reich. At the northwest edge of Berlin lies the imposing 16th-century Spandau Citadel. Most visitors to the spectacular sitewhich today hosts musical concerts, theater, weddings, seasonal fairs, and a bat sanctuaryarent aware that during the Third Reich, the citadel hosted a suite of scientists developing chemical weapons secretly, in direct contravention to the Treaty of Versailles, WWIs peace accord. When German army scientists at the Spandau Citadel first analyzed Schraders Preparation 9/91, they were so impressed by its toxicity that they named it tabun, after the German word for taboo, Tabu. Existing chemical weapons such as mustard gas and phosgene took hours to days to kill victims, but tabun required only 20 minutes. The army gave Schrader and a colleague a 50,000 mark reward (about $20,000 at the time) for the discovery. [+]Enlarge Layout of Germanys Army Gas Protection Laboratory at the Spandau Citadel in Berlin. Credit: Avda/avda-foto.de; Wikipedia Commons Soon German military researchers began weaponizing tabun, finding ways to insert it into projectiles that could be safely stored without leakage. Other scientists tested the compound on animals, developed processes to manufacture the poison, researched antidotes, and tried building analogs. In 1938, Schrader synthesized a new nerve agent that was twice as toxic as tabun to monkeys. By June 1939, he had brought news of the new compound, called Substance 146, to the Spandau Citadel, where military chemists began developing new methods for producing it and studying its physiological effects. The poison was renamed sarin, an acronym built from the last names of scientists who had spearheaded its development: Schrader, Otto Ambros, Gerhard Ritter, and Hans-Jrgen von der Linde.  Top Weaponization and stockpiling [+]Enlarge A WWII tabun-filled bomb. Credit: Federal Archives of Germany, Bild-037035-001 As WWII loomed, the German military built a tabun pilot plant capable of producing 400 kg of the poison at a forested site called Raubkammer near the city of Mnster. There they tested aerial bombs containing tabun and discovered that the most deadly way to deploy the not-so-volatile agent was to use a small detonation to disperse it as a mist. By the spring of 1943, a few years into the war, the first large-scale tabun factory near Dyhernfurth, a small town 40 km away from what is now Wrocaw, Poland, was producing 350 metric tons (350,000 kg) of tabun per month. By the end of the war, the factory had produced 12,000 metric tons of tabun and loaded it into aerial bombs and artillery shells. Dyhernfurth was a forced labor factory: Over the course of the war, hundreds of inmates died of toxic exposure, overwork, disease, and malnutrition, and they looked like walking corpses to nearby town residents. Despite all the effort expended on tabun, by the wars midpoint, it was becoming increasingly clear to military researchers that sarin was a better chemical weapon: Sarin was more volatile and toxic than tabun, even though sarin was more challenging to manufacture. In 1943, the German military approved construction of an entirely new sarin factory at Falkenhagen, a site 70 km outside Berlin.  Top A not-so-Nobel cause [+]Enlarge Nobel Prize in Chemistry winner Richard Kuhn figured out the biological target of nerve agents and invented a new agent, soman. Credit: ETH Library Image Archive In 1943, the German Army Ordnance Office recruited Richard Kuhn to study nerve gas. Kuhn was an extraordinary chemisthe won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his efforts to understand the structure and function of vitamin B and carotene compounds. He was also an ardent Nazi, with a penchant for signing off his scientific presentations and correspondence with Sieg Heil. Kuhn and his colleagues were tasked with determining the mechanism by which nerve agents caused damage. They discovered that nerve agents block an enzyme called cholinesterase, which is responsible for breaking down acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter that is released into the synapses that connect nerve cells to other nerve cells or muscle cells during electrical signaling. When this enzyme is blocked, nerve cells in the brain and muscles are stuck in an overstimulated state, leading to a wide variety of symptoms including excessive sweating and salivation, pinpoint pupils, vomiting, seizures, and asphyxiation. As part of their research, Kuhn and colleagues synthesized a brand-new nerve agent, soman, which was twice as good as sarin at inhibiting cholinesterase. [+]Enlarge Nerve agents target the enzyme cholinesterase (shown here). Credit: Protein Data Bank [+]Enlarge A German POW and a Russian soldier. Credit: Federal Archives of Germany, Bild 183-E0406-0022-011 [+]Enlarge Zyklon B was used to kill millions in concentration camps. Credit: Michael Hanke/Wikimedia Commons From the start of WWII, some in the military were raring to dispatch their nerve weapons on a very large scale against the enemy hinterland by air strikes, noted German Colonel Hermann Ochsner in 1939. He said at the time: There is no doubt that a city like London would be plunged into a state of unbearable turmoil that would bring enormous pressure to bear on the enemy government. But Hitler demurred, even after Germanys spectacular defeat at Stalingrad over the winter of 194243, which many believe was a turning point in the war. Why did Hitler veto their use? Some historians point to the fact that Hitler had been a victim of chemical weaponsprobably mustard gasduring WWI. As a result of this experience, Hitler believed using poison gas on the battlefield was unethical, an incredibly inconsistent position given his directive to use Zyklon B and other poisonous gases to kill millions of concentration camp prisoners. But it might not have been his personal experience that made Hitler stall on deploying nerve agents. The German Army had had enormous success with its Blitzkrieg strategy: fast and furious attacks using tanks and bombers, followed by foot soldiers. So the use of nerve agents by bombers would have contaminated the very area the army would have then had to occupy. There was also concern that the Allies had discovered the potent chemical weapons and would retaliate. [+]Enlarge Soldiers fighting at Stalingrad. Credit: Federal Archives of Germany, Bild 183-E0406-0022-001  Top Allied ignorance: spy tales [+]Enlarge German POWs after their defeat in Tunisia. Credit: Imperial War Museum NA 2866/Wikimedia Commons (both) [+]Enlarge German troops surrender to a British tank crew in Tunisia. The Allies had no idea that the German military had discovered and was stockpiling a suite of extraordinarily toxic chemical weapons. But they could, and should, have known. In May 1943, after Germany lost a six-month battle in Tunisia, Allied forces took some 230,000 Axis soldiers prisoner. Among these prisoners of war was a German who informed British interrogators that he was a chemist who had worked at a secret chemical weapons institutethe Spandau Citadel in Berlinon a new poison with astounding properties. His descriptions of the colorless, nearly odorless chemical that could kill victims in just 20 minutes sounded like it might be too good to be true. Although the soldiers interrogators believed the story, British intelligence officers back in England did not. The 10-page report filed by the interrogators was ignored.  Top A Hitler assassination plot, disputed [+]Enlarge Albert Speer Credit: Wikimedia Commons In the last months of the war, Hitler became increasingly apocalyptic, saying to his second-in-command, Albert Speer: If the war is lost, the nation shall also perish. In March 1945, Hitler issued a scorched-earth policy, called the Demolitions on Reich Territory Decree, commanding the destruction of German infrastructure to prevent it from falling into the hands of advancing Allies. Fearing for the countrys postwar future, Speer disobeyed parts of the directive. In a subsequent postwar memoir and elsewhere, Speer made self-serving claims that he considered assassinating the Fhrer with tabun or one of the chemical weapons used in WWI. Speer said he began searching for a way to deploy the poison into Hitlers underground Berlin bunker, where the dictator spent a majority of his time. Before the assassination attempt could be enacted, however, Speer claims Hitler ordered increased security around the bunker and blocked the bunkers air vent with a 3-meter-high chimney because the dictator feared the approaching Russian Red Army might try to poison the bunkers air. Many find Speers story unconvincing: Skeptics think it absurd that one of the most powerful men in the Reich couldnt find a ladder high enough to overcome the air vents chimney. Furthermore, after WWII, many former Nazis told blatant lies about their past to improve their image, legitimize their actions, and avoid prosecution. For example, Speer long claimed he knew nothing of the Holocaust, but documents discovered after his death reveal he was aware of what was happening at the Auschwitz concentration camp. [+]Enlarge Hitlers bunker in Berlin. Credit: Bundersarchiv Bild 183-V04744 [+]Enlarge Aerial image of Dyhernfurth tabun factory in 1941 taken by British spy planes. Credit: National Collection of Aerial Photography, NCAP-000-000-036-543 In early 1945, as the Allies continued to gain ground on German territory, the German Army went to extremes to hide their tabun- and sarin-filled munitions, which are presumably not known to the enemy, [and] must under no circumstances fall into his hands, noted a directive from German Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel. But transporting these munitions to more secure areas was a challenge, in part because many railroad tracks had been bombed and the country was under frequent Allied air strike. In one catastrophic event, U.S. fighter pilotsunaware of the secret chemical cargodropped bombs on freight cars loaded with tabun-filled munitions near Lossa, Germany: Four of the towns residents died from the fumes in minutes. In the end, thousands of tabun-filled bombs were transported for safekeeping primarily by barge, along rivers such as the Danube and Elbe. As the Red Army approached the tabun factory at Dyhernfurth, the German military marched thousands of forced laborers off the compounds with little protection from the winter temperatures. Many who survived the exposure were murdered by the German secret police to prevent anyone who had participated in nerve gas production from spreading secrets. Still, the Russians discovered the tabun and sarin production plants, and once they found out about the new nerve agents, they disassembled the factory and reassembled it in Stalingrad.  Top Postwar panic American soldiers first encountered the secret chemical weapons when they shelled a barge traveling down the Danube River in Bavaria: To the American soldiers surprise, after just a few rounds of fire, the Germans waved surrender flags and admitted that the cargotabun-filled bombscould kill them all. Meanwhile, the British Army discovered a bounty of files about the Spandau Citadels chemical weapons research hidden at Raubkammer, the initial testing site for tabun. As Allied scientists discovered that some German munitions contained a potent, unknown organophosphorus nerve agent that was much more toxic than anything they had in their own weapons inventory, they began to scramble to get their hands on the military spoils. Soon the Americans and British pooled resources and began searching for and rounding up scientists involved in chemical weapons research: When they arrested tabun inventor Schrader at his home, he immediately handed over chemical formulas and other details of the nerve agents. When American and British intelligence discovered that the Russians had rebuilt Dyhernfurths tabun and sarin plants in Soviet territory, there was no doubt a chemical arms race was under way. [+]Enlarge After WWII, the Allies divided Germany into four sectors and swiftly began competing among themselves for the countrys technological spoils. Credit: Wikimedia Commons  Top Operation Paperclip [+]Enlarge Credit: Edgewood Chemical Biological Center Edgewood Arsenal in the 1940s. As tensions rose between the U.S. and the Soviet Union, both burgeoning superpowers recruited German military scientists to their respective lands to capitalize on the Third Reichs technological innovations. In the U.S., a paperclip was affixed to the file of any scientist who seemed desirable as a recruit. Then-president Harry Truman didnt want militant Nazis brought to America, but many of the most promising scientists had been Nazi Party members. As a result, U.S. Army recruiters whitewashed the files to remove Nazi affiliations, wrote new biographies for the scientists, and issued them military security clearance and tickets to America. <N> AChE inhibitors or anti-cholinesterases inhibit the cholinesterase enzyme from breaking down ACh, increasing both the level and duration of the neurotransmitter action. According to the mode of action, AChE inhibitors can be divided into two groups: irreversible and reversible. Reversible inhibitors, competitive or noncompetitive, mostly have therapeutic applications, while toxic effects are associated with irreversible AChE activity modulators. Carbamates, due to their reversible AChE inhibitory action, found an important application in human medicine as pharmacologically active compounds. Natural carbamate derivate physostigmine (Fig. ), the secondary metabolite in the plant Physostigma venenosum, is widely used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis. As a potent AChE inhibitor, this therapeutic agent reduces ACh hydrolysis rate, and thereby increases its level in damaged neurosynaptic clefts improving nerve impulse transmission. Besides, pyridostigmine (Fig. ) is capable to prevent the irreversible binding of OP to AChE. Consequently, it is applied as a prophylactic against nerve agent intoxication [ 77 - 79 ]. Furthermore, rivastigmine (Fig. ) is a carbamate with probably the most meaningful pharmacological application, being validated in the symptomatic treatment of AD (see above). Some carbamate compounds are used as herbicides such as ferbam, mancozeb, thiram (Fig. ). In addition, carbamates exhibit fungicide activity as well  butylate, pebulate, metham, molinate, cycloate, vernolate (Fig. ). It is generally thought that their acute toxicity to humans is low, but they may irritate skin, eyes and throat causing sneezing and coughing [ 67 ]. Carbamate compounds are applied as fungicides, insecticides and herbicides in agriculture, and belong to the second group of pesticides inhibiting cholinesterases. Carbamates containing hydrogen and methyl group in the place of R 2 and R 1 (Fig. ) , respectively, exert the insecticide activity. Carbamate insecticides include aldicarb, carbofuran, carbaryl, fenobucarb, propoxur (Fig. ). Their insecticide killing action is based on reversible AChE inactivation. Carbamates are considered to be safer than OP insecticides that irreversibly inhibit AChE causing more severe cholinergic poisoning [ 67 , 73 - 75 ]. It was found that stress conditions can improve carbamates diffusion into the central nervous system, while the blood brain barrier penetration in the healthy body is prevented [ 76 ]. Since carbamates, as well as OPs, are AChE inhibitors, both compounds cause similar toxic acute effects and symptoms derived from poisoning. The principal difference between OP and carbamate induced inhibitory action is in the stability of the AChE-OP/carbamate complex. Actually, OPs are able to phosphorylate serine residues of AChE in non-reversible way (Fig. ), whereas the carbamylated serine residue is less stable and the carbamyl moiety can be split from the enzyme by spontaneous hydrolysis (decarbamylation time is 30-40 minutes) [ 68 , 69 ]. Therefore, carbamates are considered reversible AChE inhibitors. Furthermore, carbamates, analogously to OPs, reversibly inhibit neuropathy target esterase, but, unlike OPs, are not able to dealkylate i.e. age the inhibited enzyme. So, carbamates are not delayed neuropathy inducers (see more about OP induced neuropathy below) [ 70 , 71 ]. Moreover, they exhibit protective effects when applied before OPs induced neuropathy. Thereupon, the neuropathic OPs are not able to inhibit and age neuropathy target esterase previously reversibly inhibited by carbamates. On the other hand, carbamates stimulate delayed neuropathy or make it more severe, when they are dosed after applying OP neuropathic doses, inducing promotion of delayed neuropathy [ 72 ]. Carbamates are organic compounds derived from carbamic acid (NH 2 COOH). The structure of biologically active carbamates is displayed in Fig. ( ), where X can be oxygen or sulphur (thiocarbamate), R 1 and R 2 are usually organic or alkyl substituents, but R 1 or R 2 may also be hydrogen, and R 3 is mostly an organic substituent or sometimes a metal. In addition to their use as therapeutic drugs in human medicine (AD, myasthenia gravis, glaucoma, Lewy bodies, Parkinsons disease), these reversible AChE inhibitors have been applied as pesticides, then as parasiticides in veterinary medicine, and in prophylaxis of organophosphorus compounds (OPs) poisoning as well [ 67 ]. Generally, the disadvantage of the AChE inhibitors in AD treatment is modest and temporary benefits lasting for a maximum 12-24 months. Actually, these drugs do not reduce the rate of decline in cognitive or functional capacities over the long term [ 65 , 66 ]. Despite this fact, reversible AChE inhibitors provide meaningful symptomatic benefits, thereby remaining the mainstay of pharmacotherapy in AD. Moreover, their use is standard and supported by evidence [ 39 ]. Looking for potent and selective AChE inhibitors as potential anti-Alzheimer drugs, new compounds have recently been designed, synthesized and tested. Novel donepezil-tacrine and oxoisoaporphine-tacrine congeners hybrid related derivatives, coumarin and huperzine A derivatives have exhibited high AChE inhibitory activity with IC 50 values in the nanomolar range, and ability to bind simultaneously to both peripheral and catalytic sites of the enzyme. For the reason, these dual binding site inhibitors are promising compounds for developing disease-modifying drugs for the future treatment of AD [ 58 - 62 ], Additionally, new synthesized symmetrical bispyridinium and carbamate anti-AChE compounds inhibit the enzyme in micromolar concentrations, making them the potential candidates for the treatment of AD [ 63 , 64 ]. Considering the clinical effects of donepezil, rivastigmine and galantamine, there is no evidence that any of these medications is superior in terms of efficacy. However, donepezil has been found to be better tolerated, with less gastrointestinal side effects than rivastigmine or galantamine [ 39 ]. Beside the described drugs approved by FDA and EMA for the AD symptomatic treatment, new AChE inhibitors have been synthesized and tested. So, the derivative of hepatotoxic tacrine (Fig. ) - the potent inhibitor of AChE anionic active site, 7-methoxytacrine was widely studied as a suitable substitute to tacrine. In vitro and in vivo tests indicated both its less toxic effects and stronger inactivating power against AChE related to tacrine [ 54 ]. Furthermore, natural alkaloid huperzine A (Fig. ) is originated from the firmoss Huperzia serrata, and can be synthesized as well. The target of this AChE inhibitor is the peripheral anionic site, which makes the AD drug able to affect the symptoms as well as the cause of the disorder [ 55 , 49 ] (see about donepezil above). The drug is a more potent AChE inhibitor than tacrine, galantamine and rivastigmine, while donepezil exhibits higher anti-AChE activity. Compared to other AChE inhibitors, huperzine A demonstrated better penetration through blood-brain barrier, higher oral bioavailability and longer AChE inhibition. Clinical trials with this AChE inhibitor revealed cognitive and functional impairments at patients with AD, schizophrenia and vascular dementia, and memory improvement of elder people [ 56 ]. In addition, protoberbrine alkaloids (berberine, palmatine, jatrorrhizine, epiberberine), as natural robust AChE inhibitors, are contemplated promising symptomatic therapeutic agents for AD [ 57 ]. It is necessary to emphasize that the pharmacological profile of the eutomer (bioactive enantiomer or enantiomer having higher pharmacological activity) and distomer (opposite to eutomer) of the chiral drugs (e.g. donepezil, rivastigmine, galantamine) is differential. (trade name Razadyne, Nivalin) is an alkaloid (Fig. ) isolated from the plant Galanthus woronowii being applied for the treatment of mild to moderate AD. It is a selective, competitive, rapidly-reversible AChE inhibitor that interacts with the anionic subsite, as well as with the aromatic gorge [ 47 - 49 ]. Besides, the drug is an allosteric ligand at nicotinic cholinergic receptors inducing their modulation. It interacts with the nicotinic receptor at binding sites separate from those for ACh and nicotinic agonists, and acts specifically to enhance the activity (sensitize) of nicotinic receptors in the presence of ACh [ 50 , 51 ]. As the severity of cognitive impairment in AD correlates with loss of nicotinic receptors, this effect appears to be beneficial for the disorder treatment [ 52 ]. Galantamine absorption is rapid and complete, with absolute oral bioavailability between 80 and 100% and seven hours half-life. The treatment is usually initiated at 4 mg twice daily, and can be increased gradually up to 12 mg twice daily [ 39 ]. The drug side effects are similar to those of other AChE inhibitors, mainly with gastrointestinal symptoms. Galantamine seems to be less tolerated compared with the other AD drugs. However, a careful and gradual titration over more than three months may improve long-term tolerability [ 29 ]. Since galantamine has allosteric potentiating effects at nicotinic receptors, it affects not only cholinergic transmission but also other neurotransmitter systems such as monoamines, glutamate, and -aminobutyric acid (GABA) through its allosteric mechanism. These effects may result in more beneficial effects, and improve cognitive dysfunction and psychiatric illness in schizophrenia, major depression, bipolar disorder and alcohol abuse [ 53 ]. (Fig. ) (sold under the trade name Exelon) is a powerful, slow-reversible carbamate inhibitor that blocks cholinesterase activity through binding at the esteratic part of the active site. Unlike donepezil that selectively inhibits AChE, rivastigmine inhibits both BuChE and AChE. It has received approval for the treatment of mild-to-moderate AD in 60 countries including all member states of the European Union and the USA [ 43 ]. The drug is administered orally as capsules or liquid formulations, with good absorption and bioavailability of about 40% in the 3 mg dose. It is eliminated through the urine and has relatively few drug-drug interactions. The treatment is initiated at 1.5 mg twice daily, and is increased gradually over weeks to 6 mg twice daily; the increment is 3 mg per day every 2 to 4 weeks. Early and continued treatment of AD with rivastigmine maximizes the observed beneficial effects in the rate of decline of cognitive function, activities of daily living, and severity of dementia with daily doses of 6 to 12 mg. Adverse events are consistent with the cholinergic actions of the drug, and include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, anorexia, headache, syncope, abdominal pain and dizziness [ 32 , 44 ]. The side effects can be reduced using transdermal patch delivering rivastigmine. The target dose of 9.5 mg/day delivered by patch provides similar clinical effects (improved memory and thinking, activities of daily living, concentration) as the highest recommended doses of rivastigmine capsules, but with three times fewer reports of nausea and vomiting [ 45 ]. In addition to AD, rivastigmine can be applied in the treatment of Lewy bodies and Parkinsons disease dementia [ 43 , 46 ]. (Fig. ) is a selective, reversible AChE inhibitor that binds to the peripheral anionic site exerting not only symptomatic effects in the AD treatment, but also causative ones delaying the deposition of amyloid plaque [ 34 , 35 ]. The drug is produced by pharmaceutical companies Eisai and Pfizer under the trade name Aricept. Although its principal therapeutic use is in the palliative treatment of mild to moderate AD, some clinical studies state that donepezil improves cognitive function in patients with severe AD symptoms as well [ 36 ]. It is available as disintegrating tablet and oral solution, being 100% oral bioavailability with ease crossing the blood-brain barrier and slow excretion. As it has a half-life of about 70 hours, it can be taken once a day. The drug is available in 5 and 10 mg dose strengths, and treatment is usually initiated at 5 mg per day, and increased after several weeks to 10 mg per day. Maximum daily dose is 23 mg once daily [ 37 ]. Patients receiving the higher dose showed mild improvement in cognitive functions, and no improvement on overall functioning. On the other hand, the higher drug dose induced the increased incidence of cholinergic side effects in patients, which limited its wider use [ 38 ]. Common donepezil adverse effects include gastrointestinal anomalies-nausea, diarrhea, anorexia, abdominal pain, as well as increase in cardiac vagal tone causing bradycardia [ 39 ]. Additionally, recent studies have suggested donepezil ability to improve speech in children with autism, while its indication in other cognitive disorders such as Lewy body dementia, schizophrenia and vascular dementia is not currently approved [ 40 - 42 ]. AD is a progressive neurological disorder, the most common form of dementia, characterized by memory loss and other intellectual abilities serious enough to interfere with daily life [ 25 ]. The disease is associated with loss of cholinergic neurons in the brain and the decreased level of ACh [ 26 ]. The major therapeutic target in the AD treatment strategies is the inhibition of brain AChE [ 26 , 27 ]. There is no cure for AD, and reversible AChE inhibitors, employed in the therapy, treat symptoms related to memory, thinking, language, judgment and other thought processes. Actually, different physiological processes related to AD damage or destroy cells that produce and use ACh, thereby reducing the amount available to deliver messages to other cells. Cholinesterase inhibitor drugs, inhibiting AChE activity, maintain ACh level by decreasing its breakdown rate. Therefore, they boost cholinergic neurotransmission in forebrain regions and compensate for the loss of functioning brain cells. No drug has an indication for delaying or halting the progression of the disease [ 28 ]. Medications currently approved by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to treat the cognitive manifestations of AD and improve life quality of the patients are: donepezil, rivastigmine and galantamine as reversible AChE inhibitors, and memantine as an NMDA receptor antagonist [ 29 , 30 , 31 ]. Tacrine was the first of the AChE inhibitors approved for the AD treatment in 1993, but its use has been abandoned because of a high incidence of side effects including hepatotoxicity [ 32 , 33 ]. Reversible AChE inhibitors play an important role in pharmacological manipulation of the enzyme activity. These inhibitors include compounds with different functional groups (carbamate, quaternary or tertiary ammonium group), and have been applied in the diagnostic and/or treatment of various diseases such as: myasthenia gravis, AD, post-operative ileus, bladder distention, glaucoma, as well as antidote to anticholinergic overdose. 2.2. Irreversible Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors  Organophosphorus Compounds OPs are esters or thiols derived from phosphoric, phosphonic, phosphinic or phosphoramidic acid (Fig. ). R 1 and R 2 are aryl or alkyl groups that are bonded to the phosphorus atom either directly (forming phosphinates), or through an oxygen or sulphur atom (forming phosphates or phosphothioates). In some cases, R 1 is directly bonded to the phosphorus atom, and R 2 is bonded to an oxygen or sulphur atom (forming phosphonates or thiophosphonates). In phosphoramidates, at least one of these groups is NH 2 (un-, mono- or bi-substituted), and the atom double-bonded with phosphorus is either oxygen or sulphur. The X group, also binding to the phosphorus atom through oxygen or sulphur atom, may belong to a wide range of halogen, aliphatic, aromatic or heterocyclic groups. This leaving group is released from the phosphorus atom when the OP is hydrolyzed by phosphotriesterases or upon interaction with protein targets. In medicine and agriculture, the word organophosphates refers to a group of insecticides and nerve agents that inhibit AChE [52, 71, 80]. The OPs exert their main toxicological effects through non-reversible phosphorylation of esterases in the central nervous system [81, 82]. The acute toxic effects are related to irreversible inactivation of AChE [82]. Actually, OPs are substrate analogues to ACh, and like natural substrate enter the active site covalently binding to serine OH group. As in acetylation, OP is split and the enzyme is phosphorylated (Fig. ). While the acyl enzyme is quickly hydrolyzed to regenerate the free enzyme, dephosphorylation is very slow (on the order of days), and phosphorylated enzyme cannot hydrolyze the neurotransmitter [83]. The inhibition of the enzyme leads to accumulation of ACh in the synaptic cleft resulting in over-stimulation of nicotinic and muscarinic ACh receptors and impeded neurotransmission. The typical symptoms of acute poisoning are agitation, muscle weakness, muscle fasciculations, miosis, hypersalivation, sweating. Severe poisonings may cause respiratory failure, unconsciousness, confusion, convulsions and/or death [82, 84-86]. Mechanism of OPs induced AChE inhibition is presented using the reaction scheme: E + PX  E  PX  k 3 EP + X where, Eenzyme, PXOP, E*PXreversible enzyme-OP complex, EPphosphorylated enzyme, XOP leaving group [87]. Irreversible inhibition occurs in two steps; the first one is fast, short term reversible enzyme inactivation, and its influence is dominant in the begining of the inhibition. The next step is slow irreversible inhibition producing a very stable enzyme-inhibitor complex (phosphorylated enzyme)-inhibitor is covalently bonded to the enzyme [88]. Time dependent irreversible inhibition can be described by the equation: In E E 0 =  k 3 t 1 + K I / I (1) where, E/Eoremaining enzyme activity related to initial enzyme activity (control) (E o ), K I dissociation constant for enzyme-inhibitor complex E*PX, k 3 the first rate constant for the conversion of the reversible enzyme-inhibitor complex to phosphorylated enzyme, EP, (I)inhibitor (OP) concentration, ttime interval after the enzyme and inhibitor mixing. If (I)  (E o ), the reciprocal slope value of linear dependence ln(E/Eo) - t (Fig. ) can be presented in the form: 1 k app = 1 k 3 + K I k 3  1 I (2) The values of inhibition parameters, K I and k 3 , are calculated from the slope and intersection of 1/k app - 1/(I) linear dependence (Fig. ) [89,90]. Effective OPs have the following structural features: a terminal oxygen connected to phosphorus by a double bond (oxo form), two lipophilic groups (R 1 , R 2 ) bonded to the phosphorus, and a good leaving group (X) bonded to the phosphorus (Fig. ) [91]. OPs can produce delayed neurotoxic effect in humans and chickens, called OP induced delayed neuropathy. It is associated with phosphorylation and further dealkylation (aging) (Fig. ) of a protein in neurons called neuropathy target esterase, subsequently leading to this syndrome. The symptoms of this neuropathy are paralysis and ataxia, and appear between 14 and 24 days after the poisoning [67, 70, 71]. 2.2.1. Organophosphorus Insecticides The majority of OPs have been commonly used as nonspecific insecticides for over fifty years, to control a variety of insects in agriculture and the household environment. The synthesis of OP pesticides in large quantities started after World War II, and parathion was among the first marketed, followed by malathion and azinphosmethyl. Commonly used OP insecticides have included ethyl parathion, malathion, methyl parathion, chlorpyrifos, diazinon, dichlorvos, phosmet, fenitrothion, tetrachlorvinphos, azinphos methyl, pirimiphos-methyl, dimethoate, phosalone (Fig. ) [74, 75, 91-93]. In the 1970s organochlorine insecticides (DDT, dieldrin, aheptachlor) were banned because of their persistence and accumulation in the environment, and replaced by more degradable OPs. Open in a separate window Actually, OP insecticides in the environment undergo the natural degradation pathway including mainly homogeneous and heterogeneous hydrolysis (especially at high pH) enhanced by the presence of dissolved metals, humic substances, microorganisms and other compounds present in soil [94-96]. OP degradation processes also occur in chemical treatments for purification of polluted waters, generally referred as advanced oxidation processes, as well as throughout the enzymatic reactions in birds, fish, insects and mammals. Degradation studies revealed different kinetics, mechanisms and transformation products, suggesting complete mineralization of the starting compound (usually thio form), but forming toxic break down products as well [89, 97-100]. Actually, oxidation and isomerisation reaction products were reported as much more potent AChE inhibitors compared to the starting thio OPs, while hydrolysis products do not noticeably affect the enzyme activity. Inhibition parameters, IC 50 and K i , for diazinon, malathion, chlorpyrifos and their transformation products are given in Table , indicating even several hundred times lower IC 50 values for oxo and iso forms related to the thio compounds, and non-inhibiting hydrolysis products [89, 90, 101]. Table 1 Compound IC 50 (20 min), mol/L [75] K i , mol/L [75] Compound IC 50 (5 min), mol/L [86] K i , mol/L [74] Diazinon > 2.0  10-4 / ** Malathion 3.2  10-5 1.3  10-4 Diazoxon 5.1  10-8 7.9  10-7 Malaoxon 4.7  10-7 5.6  10-6 IMP* / *** / *** Isomalathion 6.0  10-7 7.2  10-6 Chlorpyrifos 4.3  10-6 9.6  10-6 Diethylmaleate 6.0  10-2 / *** Chlorpyrifos-oxon 3.0  10-8 4.3  10-7 O,O-dimethyl thiophosphate / *** / *** 3,5,6,-trichloro-2-pyridinol / *** / *** Open in a separate window Although OPs insecticides degrade rapidly, that made them an attractive alternative to the organochloride pesticides, they have greater acute toxicity, posing risks to people who may be exposed to large amounts - workers employed in the manufacture and application of these pesticides. OPs are one of the most common causes of poisoning worldwide occurring as a result of agricultural use, suicide or accidental exposure. OP pesticides can be absorbed by all routes, including inhalation, ingestion, and dermal absorption [102]. Their toxicity is not limited to the acute phase, but chronic effects have long been noted. Actually, repeated or prolonged exposure to OPs may result in the same effects as acute exposure including the delayed symptoms. The effects, reported in workers repeatedly exposed, include impaired memory and concentration, disorientation, severe depressions, irritability, confusion, headache, speech difficulties, delayed reaction times, nightmares, sleepwalking and drowsiness or insomnia. Influenza-like condition with headache, nausea, weakness, loss of appetite, and malaise has also been reported [103]. Neurotransmitters such as ACh are profoundly important in the brain's development, and many OPs have neurotoxic effects on developing organisms, even from low levels of exposure, causing various diseases of nervous and immune system [85, 104]. Oxo forms of OP insecticides,are highly, approximately equally toxic to warm-blooded as well as cold-blooded organisms. On the other hand, thio forms are converted into the oxo forms by mixed function oxidases. The activation proceeds in cold-blooded organisms but this is not common in warm-blooded organisms where dealkylation into non toxic compounds takes place [51, 105]. Thus, numerous derivatives of highly toxic insecticides have been prepared to reduce the toxicity towards warm-blooded organisms and retain toxicity to insects, thereby enhancing their specificity. The examples of effective, commonly used OP insecticides, and relative safe for warm-blooded organisms are: malathion, chlorpyrifos, fenitrothion, pirimiphos-methyl, dimethoate, phosalone [51]. Nowadays, the common use of OP insecticides results in their accumulation, environmental pollution and acute and chronic poisoning events [106]. For this reason, the use of OP insecticides has to be strictly controlled and restricted. Accordingly, the majority of countries have strong regulations on the application of pesticides; e.g. in the European Union it is regulated by the directive 91/41/EHS [51]. Also, the applied insecticides and their by-products in the environment, water and food are monitored applying different bioanalytical techniques [107]. 2.2.2. Organophosphorus Nerve Agents/Gases Nerve agents of OP group include tabun, sarin, soman, cyclosarin and VX. Sarin, soman and cyclosarin are phosphonofluoridates, and VX is a phosphonothioate (Fig. ). Soman has four, while sarin and VX have two isoforms, which significantly differ in toxicity and irreversible AChE inactivation rate. Based on the acute toxicity, VX is the most toxic compound among all the nerve agents [67]. The developing and production of these extremely toxic nerve agents started in the 1930s, and later used in wars and by terrorists on several occasions. As chemical weapons, they are classified as weapons of mass destruction by the United Nations, and their production and stockpiling was outlawed by the Chemical Weapons Convention. Open in a separate window Acute poisoning by a nerve agent leads to contraction of pupils, profuse salivation, convulsions, involuntary urination and defecation, and eventual death by asphyxiation as control is lost over respiratory muscles. Some nerve agents are readily vaporized or aerosolized and the primary portal of entry into the body is the respiratory system. Nerve agents can also be absorbed through the skin, requiring that those exposed to such agents wear a full body suit in addition to a respirator [108]. Moreover, the effects of nerve agents are very long lasting and cumulative (increased by successive exposures), and survivors of nerve agent poisoning usually suffer chronic neurological damage that can lead to continuing psychiatric effects [109]. 2.2.3. Irreversible Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitors as Therapeutic Agents OPs, except their use as toxic compounds, have been applied in ophthalmology as therapeutic agents in the treatment of chronic glaucoma, an eye disease in which the optic nerve is damaged in a characteristic pattern. The disease is associated with increased fluid pressure in the eye, and can permanently damage vision in the affected eye(s) and lead to blindness if left untreated [110]. These medical useful OPs include diisopropyl fluorophosphate and echothiophate. Diisopropyl fluorophosphate (DFP, DIFP, diisopropyl phosphorofluoridate) (Fig. ) is a parasympathomimetic drug, irreversible anti-cholinesterase, and has been used locally in the oily eye drops form as a miotic agent in the glaucoma treatment. It is known as fluostigmine and dyflos in such uses. It exerts ocular side effects mainly associated with its AChE inhibitory properties, and ability to induce delayed peripheral neuropathy [67, 111]. Open in a separate window Echothiophate (phospholine) (Fig. ) is a parasympathomimetic phosphorothioate, irreversible AChE inhibitor. It is used as an ocular antihypertensive in the treatment of chronic glaucoma and, in some cases, accommodative esotropia. Its application is local (eye drops), and the effects can last a week or more. The drug is available under several trade names such as phospholine iodide. Adverse effects include muscle spasm and other systemic effects [112]. OP compounds may be used in the therapy of neurological damages such as AD and Parkinson's disease. The example is trichlorfon (metrifonate) (Fig. ) that used to be applied as a pesticide, and has medicine implementation analogous to the carbamate rivastigmine (described above) [113]. The described reversible and irreversible AChE inhibitors are summarized in Table . Table 2 Compound Chemical Structure Mode of AChE Inhibition Application Donepezil Piperidine derivative Reversible Alzheimer's disease Autism Rivastigmine Carbamate Reversible Alzheimer's disease Lewy bodies Parkinson's disease Galantamine Alkaloid Reversible Alzheimer's disease Tacrine Pyridine derivative Reversible Alzheimer's disease 7-methoxytacrine Pyridine derivative Reversible Alzheimer's disease Huperzine A Alkaloid Reversible Alzheimer's disease Aldicarb Carbamate Reversible Insecticide Carbofuran Carbofuran Carbaryl Propoxur Ferbam Carbamate Reversible Herbicide Mancozeb Thiram Butylate Carbamate Reversible Fungicide Pebulate Metham Molinate Cycloate Vernolate Physostigmine Carbamate Reversible Myasthenia gravis Pyridostigmine Carbamate Reversible Prophylactic against nerve agent intoxication Ethyl parathion Irreversible Insecticide Malathion Organophosphorus compound Methyl parathion Chlorpyrifos Diazinon Dichlorvos Phosmet Fenitrothion Tetrachlorvinphos Azinphos methyl Pirimiphos methyl Dimethoate Phosalone Tabun Organophosphorus compound Irreversible Nerve agent Sarin Soman Cyclosarin VX Diisopropyl Fluorophosphate Organophosphorus compound Irreversible Glaucoma Diisopropyl Fluorophosphate Organophosphorus compound Irreversible Glaucoma Echothiophate Organophosphorus compound Irreversible Glaucoma Accommodative esotropia Trichlorfon Organophosphorus compound Irreversible Alzheimer's disease Parkinsons disease Open in a separate window <N> Abstract Prenatal exposure to chlorpyrifos , an organophosphate insecticide, is associated with neurobehavioral deficits in humans and animal models. We investigated associations between CPF exposure and brain morphology using magnetic resonance imaging in 40 children, 5.911.2 y, selected from a nonclinical, representative community-based cohort. Twenty high-exposure children (upper tertile of CPF concentrations in umbilical cord blood) were compared with 20 low-exposure children on cortical surface features; all participants had minimal prenatal exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. High CPF exposure was associated with enlargement of superior temporal, posterior middle temporal, and inferior postcentral gyri bilaterally, and enlarged superior frontal gyrus, gyrus rectus, cuneus, and precuneus along the mesial wall of the right hemisphere. Group differences were derived from exposure effects on underlying white matter. A significant exposure  IQ interaction was derived from CPF disruption of normal IQ associations with surface measures in low-exposure children. In preliminary analyses, high-exposure children did not show expected sex differences in the right inferior parietal lobule and superior marginal gyrus, and displayed reversal of sex differences in the right mesial superior frontal gyrus, consistent with disruption by CPF of normal behavioral sexual dimorphisms reported in animal models. High-exposure children also showed frontal and parietal cortical thinning, and an inverse doseresponse relationship between CPF and cortical thickness. This study reports significant associations of prenatal exposure to a widely used environmental neurotoxicant, at standard use levels, with structural changes in the developing human brain. Chlorpyrifos  is a widely used, broad-spectrum organophosphate insecticide first registered in 1965 for agricultural uses and pest control. Before regulatory action by the Environmental Protection Agency that phased out residential use in 2001 (1), CPF applications were particularly heavy in urban areas, where exposed populations included pregnant women (2, 3). CPF remains heavily used in agriculture, with continuing exposures of workers and residents of agricultural communities, as well as the general population through consumption of CPF-treated agricultural products. The major concern for human health is the propensity of organophosphate insecticides to elicit neurodevelopmental toxicity. Animal studies show that developmental exposures to CPF have adverse effects on brain development and produce neurobehavioral abnormalities at exposures well below the threshold for systemic toxicity caused by cholinesterase inhibition, the biochemical measure most commonly used to assess exposure and safety (4). A major component of the neurodevelopmental toxicity of CPF is likely to be unrelated to its ability to inhibit cholinesterase, instead involving disruption of the cellular machinery controlling neuronal replication and differentiation, apoptosis, axon formation, synaptogenesis, and neural circuit formation (4, 5). The effects of low-level organophosphate exposures on brain development in animal models triggered a series of studies in children to examine whether purportedly safe exposure levels had consequences similar to those in animals. Organophosphate insecticides in humans are detectable in amniotic fluid (6) and readily cross the placenta (7). Prenatal exposures to CPF and other organophosphate pesticides have been linked to smaller head size (8), lower birth weight (9), deviant neonatal reflexes (10, 11), attention problems (12, 13), and neurodevelopmental anomalies resembling pervasive development disorder (13, 14) in preschool-aged children. Three recent studies undertaken by different research groups all concluded that prenatal organophosphate exposure is associated with a significant reduction in childhood IQ (1517). These studies, using different biomarkers of exposure (urinary metabolites, umbilical cord blood), show that prenatal organophosphate exposure produces a consistent pattern of early cognitive and behavioral deficits across both agricultural and urban populations. Despite this converging evidence for the neurodevelopmental toxicity of organophosphate insecticides, their specific effects on brain structure that disrupt behavior and cognition in humans are unknown. The few animal studies that have examined morphological consequences of early life organophosphate exposure indicate subtle changes in cortical thickness and neuronal and glial cell proportions in the septal nucleus, striatum, somatosensory cortex, and hippocampusbrain regions that subserve mood, behavior, and cognition (18, 19). These studies have shown CPF effects on glial cell numbers, changes in number and types of neurons in all four regions, as well as delayed alterations in hippocampal cell number accompanied by perikaryal swelling and excessive astrocytic processes, likely representing early stages of astrogliosis, the glial scarring that occurs in response to cellular injuryall at a dose too low for signs of systemic toxicity (19). Consistent with these glial-based effects of early postnatal exposure, prenatal exposure to CPF has been shown to increase the levels of glial cell markers in rodents (20). Notably, early life CPF exposure interferes with normal sexual differentiation of the brain, reducing or reversing the normal sex differences in cognitive and emotion-related behaviors (21, 22) and correlating with sex-specific effects on the neurotransmitter systems that support those behaviors. In the current study, we compared morphological measures of the cerebral surface, as well as measures of the thickness of the cortical mantle, across two groups of children exposed prenatally to high or low levels of CPF. We assessed whether those regional abnormalities related to CPF exposure were associated with reductions in measures of intellectual functioning. We hypothesized that children exposed prenatally to high levels of CPF compared with those with low levels of exposure would have altered morphological characteristics in brain regions (frontal, parietal, and lateral temporal) that subserve higher-cognitive functions. We also assessed in preliminary analyses whether prenatal CPF exposure disrupted normal sex differences in brain structure in our sample of school-aged children. Results Sample Description. The sample was selected from a larger cohort of 369 children with complete prenatal CPF, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), and environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) exposure data, and 7-y cognitive testing (WISC-IV). Of these children, 70 had CPF exposure levels in the upper tertile of the distribution (4.39 pg/g), 28 of whom also met the criteria of (i) no/very low prenatal ETS exposure, classified by maternal report and validated by cotinine levels <15 ng/mL in umbilical cord blood (23); and (ii) low prenatal PAH exposure levels, measured by third-trimester personal monitoring, and defined as below the median (2.26 ng/m3). Of these 28 eligible high-exposure children, 20 completed the MRI with usable imaging data. For the low-exposure group, 99 had CPF below the upper tertile, PAH below the median, and no/very low ETS exposure. Of these, 38 were randomly selected and 20 completed the MRI with usable imaging data. Written informed consent was obtained from all parents and signed assent from all children. The Institutional Review Boards for the New York State Psychiatric Institute and Columbia University approved the study. Table 1 compares high- and low-exposure groups, and the full sample with the larger cohort (all children with exposure data and 7-y testing) on selected characteristics. There were no significant differences between the study sample (n = 40) and the larger cohort (n = 329, excluding the study sample), or any significant differences between high- and low-exposure groups on any characteristic. CPF concentration was not significantly associated with lead in the study sample (Spearmans rho = 0.15, P = 0.46) or the larger cohort (Spearmans rho = 0.07; P = 0.30). The sample was largely full-term because of third-trimester air monitoring. Table 1. Sociodemographic characteristics of the study sample by prenatal CPF exposure group, compared with the larger cohort from which the sample was selected Effects on Morphology of the Cerebral Surface. Main effects of exposure. Overall brain size did not differ significantly across exposure groups, either unadjusted (high vs. low exposure 1,257.2  103.5 vs. 1,247.9  77.6 cm3, t = 0.64, df = 37, P = 0.52) or adjusted for age, sex, and height (high vs. low exposure 1,265.1  17.7 vs. 1,242.1  16.8, F = 0.84, df = 1, 35, P = 0.37). Nevertheless, the high-CPF group had significant enlargement bilaterally of the superior temporal, posterior middle temporal, and inferior postcentral gyri bilaterally; the supramarginal gyrus and inferior parietal lobule of the right hemisphere; and superior frontal gyrus, gyrus rectus, cuneus, and precuneus along the mesial wall of the right hemisphere, with or without correction for overall brain size (Fig. 1 and Figs. S1 and S2). Additional analyses of white matter surface demonstrated that this enlargement at the cerebral surface derived primarily from enlarged underlying white matter (Fig. S3). In addition, we detected inward deformations in the dorsal and mesial surfaces of the left superior frontal gyrus (Fig. 1). Within the high-CPF group, we found a significant positive doseresponse relationship between exposure level and enlargement of the mesial surface of the superior frontal gyrus bilaterally. Fig. 1. (Upper) Maps of exposure group differences in morphological measures of the cerebral surface. At each point on the cerebral surface of the template brain, we compared (i) average distance of the surface of each brain in the high-CPF group from the corresponding point on the surface of the template, with (ii) average distance of the surface of each brain in the low-CPF group from the same point on the surface of the template, adjusted for age and sex. Warm colors (yellow, orange, and red) indicate significantly larger distances (local enlargements, outward deformations) in high- vs. low-CPF group; cool colors (blue and purple) indicate reduced distances (indentations, inward deformations) in high- vs. low-CPF group. The color bar indicates P values, corrected for multiple comparisons using a false discovery rate P < 0.05. High-CPF group brains were significantly enlarged bilaterally in the superior temporal, posterior middle temporal, and inferior postcentral gyri, and superior frontal gyrus, gyrus rectus, cuneus, and precuneus in the mesial views of the right hemisphere. CU, cuneus; GR, gyrus rectus; MTG, middle temporal gyrus; PoCG, postcentral gyrus; PreCU, precuneus; SFG, superior frontal gyrus; STG, superior temporal gyrus. (Lower) Correlations of local surface measures with prenatal CPF exposure levels in the high-exposure group. Surface distances (in mm from the corresponding point on the surface of the template brain), adjusted for age and sex, are plotted on the y axis. Log-transformed CPF cord-blood levels (pg/g) are plotted on the x axis. Warm colors (red and yellow) indicate positive correlations, and cool colors (blue and purple) indicate inverse correlations between surface measures and CPF exposure. The scatterplot of individuals shows enlarged surfaces along the superior frontal gyrus with increasing exposure to CPF. IQ  exposure interaction. We saw a significant IQ  exposure interaction on surface measures in the superior temporal, inferior frontal, inferior precentral, and inferior postcentral gyri bilaterally, and the precuneus of the left hemisphere, such that IQ correlated positively with surface measures in the low- but not the high-CPF group (Fig. 2). We also found a significant interaction in the right fusiform gyrus, where IQ correlated inversely with surface measures in the low-CPF group but positively in the high group (Fig. 2). Fig. 2. Correlations of surface measures with full-scale IQ in high- vs. low-CPF exposure groups. Surface distances (in mm from the corresponding point on the surface of the template brain), adjusted for age and sex, are plotted on the y axis. Surface measures in the superior temporal, inferior frontal, inferior precentral, and inferior postcentral gyri bilaterally, and the precuneus of the left hemisphere, correlated positively with full-scale IQ in the low- but not the high-CPF group, producing a significant IQ  exposure interaction. Scatterplots (pink denotes high and green denotes low exposure) suggest that high CPF exposure was associated with enlargement of these regions, consistent with findings for the main effects of CPF on surface measures (Fig. 1), also indicating that those regional enlargements were associated with lower IQ scores in the high-CPF group. Distances in the right fusiform gyrus correlated inversely with IQ in the low-CPF group, but positively in the high group, also producing a significant IQ  exposure interaction. FG, fusiform gyrus; FSIQ, full-scale IQ; IFG, inferior frontal gyrus; PoCG, postcentral gyrus; PreCG, precentral gyrus; PreCu, precuneus. Sex  exposure interaction. We found significant sex  exposure interactions within the right inferior parietal lobule, right superior marginal gyrus, and right mesial superior frontal gyrus (Fig. 3), reflecting disruption of normal, female-larger-than-male sex differences in the right parietal lobe and a reversal of normal, male-larger-than-female differences in the right mesial superior frontal gyrus (Fig. 3). Within the right dorsal parietal lobe of the high-CPF group, we also found a significant sex  CPF interaction, in which CPF levels correlated positively with surface measures in girls but inversely in boys (Fig. 3). Fig. 3. Maps of differences in local cortical surface measures by sex and prenatal CPF exposure level in sexually dimorphic brain regions. (Upper Left) Sex  exposure interaction, indicating a loss in the high-CPF group of normal female-larger-than-male sex effects in the right inferior parietal lobule and supramarginal gyrus, and reversal of normal male-larger-than-female effects in the right mesial superior frontal gyrus. (Upper Center) shows normal female-larger-than-male effects (purple) in the inferior parietal lobule, supramarginal gyrus, and middle and superior temporal gyri in the low-CPF group, and normal male-larger-than-female effects in the right mesial superior frontal gyrus in the low CPF group. (Upper Right) shows less extensive but similar effects in the high-CPF group. In the corresponding graphs (Lower), surface distances (in mm from the corresponding point on the surface of the template brain) are plotted on the y axis. Male data are coded yellow and female red. Error bars represent SEs. IPL, inferior parietal lobule; MTG, middle temporal gyrus; SFG, superior frontal gyrus; SMG, supramarginal gyrus; STG, superior temporal gyrus. High-CPF group: n = 19; low-CPF group: n = 18. Cortical thickness. We detected scattered reductions in cortical thickness in dorsal parietal and frontal cortices in the high- vs. low-exposure group (Fig. S4). Within the high group, we saw an inverse doseresponse relationship of cortical thickness with CPF, in which thinner cortices were associated bilaterally with higher exposures in the frontal pole, dorsal parietal, and orbitofrontal cortices (Fig. S5). Discussion Our findings indicate that prenatal CPF exposure, at levels observed with routine (nonoccupational) use and below the threshold for any signs of acute exposure, has a measureable effect on brain structure in a sample of 40 children 5.911.2 y of age. We found significant abnormalities in morphological measures of the cerebral surface associated with higher prenatal CPF exposure, after adjusting for possible confounders. Regional enlargements of the cerebral surface predominated and were located in the superior temporal, posterior middle temporal, and inferior postcentral gyri bilaterally, and in the superior frontal gyrus, gyrus rectus, cuneus, and precuneus along the mesial wall of the right hemisphere (Fig. 1). The enlargements derived primarily from enlargements of underlying white matter. The cognitive and behavioral processes that these cortical regions subserve include attention and receptive language in the posterior temporal regions (24); social cognition in the mesial superior frontal gyrus, cuneus, and precuneus (25), and superior temporal gyrus (26); and reward, emotion, and inhibitory control in the gyrus rectus and related orbitofrontal regions (27). Inward deformations were detected in the dorsal and mesial surfaces of the left superior frontal gyrus, a region supporting executive functioning. A positive doseresponse relationship between CPF concentrations and surface measures was detected in the mesial portion of the superior frontal gyrus bilaterally. These findings are consistent with the effects of early developmental exposure to CPF in animal models. CPF exposure is cytotoxic to both glia and neurons (1820, 28), and the signs of neural damage include excessive astrocytic processes and perikaryal swelling, progressing to more extensive astrogliosis and glial scarring in response to the earlier cellular injury (19, 29). The white matter origins of the abnormalities in local cortical volumes seen here may thus represent similar glial scarring as an effect of prenatal exposure in humans. Likewise, the direct neurotoxic effects of early CPF exposure in animals include altered neuronal cell replication, apoptosis, and cortical lamination (18, 19, 30), providing a highly plausible cellular basis for the dose-related cortical thinning that we detected bilaterally in dorsal parietal, frontal, and orbitofrontal cortices of the high-exposure group. The exposures at which these mechanisms become manifest in animal models are comparable to exposure levels in our own population. In addition, we found evidence for a detrimental effect of exposure on general cognition that was likely mediated by the effects of CPF on surface measures of the superior temporal and inferior frontal cortices. We found a significant IQ  exposure interaction effect on surface measures in the superior temporal gyrus and inferior portions of the precentral, postcentral, and inferior frontal gyri (Fig. 2). This interaction derived from significant positive correlations of surface measures with IQ in the low-CPF group that were disrupted in the high group. Scatterplots of this interaction suggest that these regions were significantly enlarged in the high-CPF group (Fig. 2), particularly for those with lower IQ scores, consistent with findings for the main effects of CPF on surface measures (Fig. 1) and with prior reports that prenatal CPF exposure is associated with child cognitive impairment (1517). The high-CPF group also displayed disruption of normal sexual dimorphisms in brain structurefeatures that were preserved in the low-CPF group, including enlargement of the right inferior parietal lobule, supramarginal gyrus, and bilateral superior and middle temporal gyri in females (31, 32), and enlargement of the left mesial surface of the superior frontal gyrus in males (33). These expected sex differences were reversed in the high-CPF group. Our morphological findings are consistent with those from animal models showing that early CPF exposure obtunds or reverses normal sex differences in learning, memory, and emotional behaviors (21, 22, 34). In the cohort from which this sample was drawn, prenatal CPF exposure was shown to have an inverse doseresponse effect on cognition (working memory scores and, to a lesser extent, full-scale IQ) among 264 7-y-old children (17). Because the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex subserves cognitive processes, including working memory, we suspect that the impaired cognitive scores associated with prenatal CPF exposure in the larger cohort likely derived from either reduced surface morphological measures (Fig. 1) or dose-related thinning (Fig. S5) in the prefrontal cortex that were detected in our high-exposure group. Our study has several limitations. First, the modest sample size (n = 40) made it difficult to detect within-group correlations and to test multiple interactions of exposure with other variables. The sample size was limited by our requirement that participants have minimal or no prenatal exposure to ETS and PAHknown neurotoxicants and potential confounders in our assessment of the neurodevelopmental effects of CPF. We believe that the sample size nevertheless permits generalization of our findings to a larger urban population, because it was a representative community-based sample. Second, the cognitive assessment was limited to a standard, broadband performance measure. More sensitive and functionally specific measures of cognitive and behavioral functioning may yield more anatomically relevant correlations of those measures with regional effects of CPF on brain structure. Finally, genetic polymorphisms have recently been shown to influence the rates of organophosphate metabolism in humans (15, 16), and those genotype data were unavailable for this study. Despite these limitations, our findings of altered brain development in children exposed to CPF in utero have important public health implications. First, associations between prenatal exposure, brain structure, and neurocognitive alterations at 5.911.2 y of age suggest that the neurotoxic effects of CPF are long term, at least extending into the early school years. The persistence of effects is consistent with animal studies suggesting that CPF effects are irreversible (35). Second, the high-exposure group (using a cut point of 4.39 pg/g) had relatively modest doses of CPFdoses that were measureable only because of the remarkable sensitivity of the CPF assay (36). Specimens from a Cincinnati blood bank during the same time period (36) showed a background CPF concentration of 9 pg/g in serum (twice the mean level reported here), suggesting that exposure concentrations in the present sample were not unusually high. Current safety limits are set according to levels needed to achieve inhibition of plasma cholinesterase, a surrogate for inhibition of acetylcholinesterase in the brain, long assumed to be the common mechanism by which organophosphates induce neurodevelopmental deficits. However, pathogenic mechanisms other than cholinesterase inhibition are almost certainly contributing to the deleterious effects of early exposure to organophosphates (21, 37), including the observed brain abnormalities and their accompanying cognitive deficits. Human exposure limits based on the detection of cholinesterase inhibition may therefore be insufficient to protect brain development in exposed children. Although residential application of CPF was banned in 2001, our findings of altered brain development and cognitive effects associated with prenatal exposure to CPF are cause for concern because widespread agricultural use of CPF continues unabated. Many pregnant women and young children thus continue to be exposed to high levels of CPF, possibly higher than those observed in the present study, whereas the general population continues to receive lower exposures through ingestion of CPF residues on agricultural products. Methods Participants and Procedures. Participants were recruited from a prospective cohort study conducted by the Columbia Center for Childrens Environmental Health (38) to evaluate the effects of prenatal exposures to air pollutants on neurodevelopment in children from low-income urban communities. Nonsmoking African American or Dominican women, aged 1835, and registered at New York Presbyterian Medical Center or Harlem Hospital prenatal clinics by the 20th week of pregnancy, were approached for consent. Eligible women were low risk (free of diabetes, hypertension, known HIV, and documented drug abuse), and resident in the area for at least 1 y. Exposure Assessment. Umbilical cord blood (3060 mL) was collected at delivery and portions sent to the Centers for Disease Control for analysis of plasma levels of CPF, cotinine, and metals, as described elsewhere (39). Methods for the laboratory assay for CPF (quality control, limits of detection) are previously published (36). The high-CPF group included upper tertile exposures (4.39 pg/g); the low group included exposures below this level. Prenatal ETS exposure was classified by maternal report validated by cord-blood cotinine levels (<15 ng/mL) (23). We measured PAH exposure by third-trimester personal-air monitoring, excluding poor-quality samples; low exposure was defined as below the median (2.26 ng/m3) (40). Cord-blood lead concentrations (g/dL) were available in subsets of the sample (n = 28) and the larger cohort (n = 202). MRI Acquisition. High-resolution, T1-weighted anatomical images were acquired using a GE Signa 3 Tesla whole-body scanner with an eight-channel head receiver coil and a fast spoiled-gradient recall sequence (SI Methods). Image Processing. All processing was conducted on Sun Ultra 10 workstations using ANALYZE 8.0 Biomedical Imaging Resource (Mayo Foundation, Rochester, MN) and in-house software, blind to participant characteristics and hemisphere (images were randomly flipped in the transverse plane before preprocessing). Morphometric analyses were performed with the MRI dataset resliced to correct for residual head rotation, tilt, or flexion/extension. Preprocessing. Large-scale variations in image intensity were corrected by an algorithm developed at the Montreal Neurological Institute (41). Extracerebral tissues were removed by an automated tool (42) that uses an anisotropic filter to smooth image intensity, and a MarrHildreth edge detector (43) to identify 3D edges, before selecting as the brain the largest connected component with a closed boundary. Connecting dura was removed manually on each sagittal slice and checked in orthogonal views. The brainstem was transected at the pontomedullary junction. Cortical gray matter segmentation. Gray-scale values of pure representations of cortical gray and white matter were sampled bilaterally at four standard brain locations (frontal, temporal, occipital, and parietal) using 8  8 = 64 pixel array, large enough for statistical stability but small enough to avoid partial volume effects, including other tissue types. SI Methods detail the computation of threshold values for classification of cortical gray and white matter (44). Morphological maps of the cerebral surface. Detailed procedures used to analyze surface morphologies, and their related validation studies, appear elsewhere (45, 46) and in SI Methods. Cortical thickness. From the coregistered brain of each child we subtracted its cortical mantle, and used a 3D morphological operator to distance transform this brain without the cortex from the coregistered brain of the same child that contained the cortex (47, 48). Operation details appear in SI Methods. Choice of template brain. We first identified a brain, representative of the sample by child age, weight, and height. Brains for the remaining participants were coregistered to this preliminary template. We determined point correspondences on cortical surfaces, and computed distances of corresponding points on the cerebral surface of other participants from the template surface. The brain for which all points across the surface are closest to the average of computed distances (by least squares) was selected as the final template. Brains underwent a second coregistration to this representative template. We used a single representative template rather than an averaged brain because it has well-defined tissue interfaces (e.g., CSF/gray matter or gray/white matter interfaces). Averaging images for a template blurs these boundaries and increases registration errors important for distinguishing subtle effects across populations. Sulcal overlay. To aid visual identification of findings on the brain surface, we overlaid onto our template maps the sulcal boundaries and 3D labels of cortical gyri identified on the International Consortium for Brain Mapping high-resolution, single-participant template (49), using a high-dimensional, nonrigid warping algorithm. Cognitive Assessment. To assess IQ at 7 y (1 mo), we used the Wechsler Scales of Intelligence for Children (WISC-IV) (50), which is sensitive to low-dose neurotoxic exposures in studies of lead toxicity in 6- to 7.5-y-old children (51). The instrument measures overall IQ and four areas of cognitive functioning (verbal comprehension, perceptual reasoning, processing speed, and working memory) that are associated with, but distinct from, overall IQ, and is sensitive to cognitive deficits related to learning and working memory that have been linked to CPF exposure in rodent studies (22). Statistical Analysis. Each imaging measure (Euclidean distance or cortical thickness) was subjected to statistical modeling at each voxel of the cortical surface of the template brain. We used general linear modeling to compare measures across CPF groups, covarying for age and sex. P values were corrected for multiple comparisons using a false discovery rate P < 0.05 (52), then color-coded and plotted for each voxel at the cerebral surface. We assessed correlations of surface distances and cortical thickness with measures of CPF exposure and full-scale IQ at each voxel across the brain surface. Acknowledgments We are grateful to the families of northern Manhattan who have so generously contributed their time and effort to the study. This study was supported by National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences Grants 5P01ES09600, P50ES015905, and 5R01ES08977, as well as pilot funding through ES009089; US Environmental Protection Agency STAR Grants RD834509, RD832141, and R827027; National Institute of Mental Health Grants MH068318 and K02-74677; and the John and Wendy Neu Family Foundation. Footnotes Author contributions: V.A.R., F.P.P., R.M.W., T.A.S., and B.S.P. designed research; M.K.H., R.B., X.H., and J.L. performed research; D.B.B. contributed new reagents/analytic tools; R.B., X.H., and J.L. analyzed data; and V.A.R., R.B., T.A.S., and B.S.P. wrote the paper. Conflict of interest statement: T.A.S. has provided expert testimony on the health effects of chlorpyrifos on behalf of government entities, corporations, and/or individuals. This article is a PNAS Direct Submission. This article contains supporting information online at www.pnas.org/lookup/suppl/doi:10.1073/pnas.1203396109/-/DCSupplemental. <N> NEW YORK (April 30, 2012)  Even low to moderate levels of exposure to the insecticide chlorpyrifos during pregnancy may lead to long-term, potentially irreversible changes in the brain structure of the child, according to a new brain imaging study by researchers from the Columbia Center for Childrens Environmental Health at the Mailman School of Public Health, Duke University Medical Center, Emory University, and the New York State Psychiatric Institute. The changes in brain structure are consistent with cognitive deficits found in children exposed to this chemical. Results of the study appear online in the April 30th PNAS Early Edition. The new study is the first to use MRI to identify the structural evidence for these cognitive deficits in humans, confirming earlier findings in animals. Changes were visible across the surface of the brain, with abnormal enlargement of some areas and thinning in others. The disturbances in brain structure are consistent with the IQ deficits previously reported in the children with high exposure levels of chlorpyrifos, or CPF, suggesting a link between prenatal exposure to CPF and deficits in IQ and working memory at age 7. The study also reports evidence that CPF may eliminate or reverse the male-female differences that are ordinarily present in the brain. Further study is needed to determine the consequences of these changes before and after puberty, the researchers say. Notably, the brain abnormalities appeared to occur at exposure levels below the current EPA threshold for toxicity, which is based on exposures high enough to inhibit the action of the key neurological enzyme cholinesterase. The present findings suggest that the mechanism underlying structural changes in the brain may involve other pathways. According to the lead author, Virginia Rauh, ScD, Professor at the Mailman School of Public Health and Deputy Director of the Columbia Center for Childrens Environmental Health, By measuring a biomarker of CPF exposure during pregnancy, and following the children prospectively from birth into middle childhood, the present study provides evidence that the prenatal period is a vulnerable time for the developing child, and that toxic exposure during this critical period can have far-reaching effects on brain development and behavioral functioning. By combining brain imaging and community-based research, we now have much stronger evidence linking exposure to chlorpyrifos with neurodevelopmental problems, adds senior author Bradley S. Peterson, MD, Chief of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, New York State Psychiatric Institute, and Director of MRI Research in the Department of Psychiatry, Columbia University Medical Center. In the current study, the researchers used MRI to evaluate the brains of 40 New York City children, ages 5 to 11, whose mothers were enrolled prenatally in a larger cohort study. Researchers compared 20 children with high exposures to CPF with 20 children with lower exposures; all exposures occurred prior to the EPA ban on household use of the chemical in 2001. They found brain anomalies were associated with the higher exposure. Since the 2001 ban, a drop in residential exposure levels of CPF has been documented by Robin Whyatt, DrPH, a co-author on the present study and Professor of Clinical Environmental Health Sciences and Co-Deputy Director of the Columbia Center for Childrens Environmental Health at the Mailman School. However, the chemical continues to be present in the environment through its widespread use in agriculture (food and feed crops), wood treatments, and public spaces such as golf courses, some parks, and highway medians. People near these sources can be exposed by inhaling the chemical, which drifts on the wind. Low-level exposure can also occur by eating fruits and vegetables that have been sprayed. Although the chemical is degraded rapidly by water and sunlight outdoors, it has been detected by the Columbia researchers in many urban residences years after the ban went into effect. The study was supported by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, Environmental Protection Agency, National Institute of Mental Health, the John and Wendy Neu Family Foundation, and private foundations. Additional co-authors included Frederica P. Perera and Megan K. Horton, Mailman School; Ravi Bansal, Xuejun Hao, and Jun Liu, Columbia University Medical Center; Dana Boyd Barr, Emory University; and Theodore A. Slotkin, Duke University. Read the study online. <N> Year: 2011 E-Publish Date: 04/21/2011 Print Publish Date: 08/01/2011 All Authors: Virginia Rauh, Srikesh Arunajadai, Megan Horton, Frederica Perera, Lori Hoepner, Dana B. Barr, Robin Whyatt Acknowledgements: We are grateful to the families of northern Manhattan who have so generously contributed their time and effort to the study. This study was supported by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (grants 5P01ES09600, P50ES015905, and 5R01ES08977), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (grants R827027, 8260901, and RR00645), the Educational Foundation of America, the John and Wendy Neu Family Foundation, the New York Community Trust, and the Trustees of the Blanchette Hooker Rockefeller Fund. Citation: Rauh V, Arunajadai S, Horton M, Perera F, Hoepner L, Barr DB, Whyatt R. Seven-year neurodevelopmental scores and prenatal exposure to chlorpyrifos, a common agricultural pesticide. Environ Health Perspect. Aug;119(8):1196-1201. Download: Download this document in PDF format: 7-Year Neurodevelopmental Scores and Prenatal Exposure to Chlorpyrifos, a Common Agricultural Pesticide BACKGROUND: In a longitudinal birth cohort study of inner-city mothers and children (Columbia Center for Childrens Environmental Health), we have previously reported that prenatal exposure to chlorpyrifos (CPF) was associated with neurodevelopmental problems at child age 3 years. OBJECTIVE: The goal of the study was to estimate the relationship between prenatal CPF exposure and neurodevelopment among cohort children at age 7 years. METHODS: In a sample of 265 children, participants in a prospective study of air pollution, we measured prenatal CPF exposure using umbilical cord blood plasma (picograms/gram plasma), and 7-year neurodevelopment using the Wechsler Intelligence Scales for Children (WISC-IV). Linear regression models were used to estimate associations, with covariate selection based on two alternate approaches. CONCLUSIONS: We report evidence of deficits in Working Memory Index and Full-Scale IQ as a function of prenatal CPF exposure at 7 years of age. These findings are important in light of continued widespread use of CPF in agricultural settings and possible longer-term educational implications of early cognitive deficits. <N> WASHINGTON  Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, moved late on Wednesday to reject the scientific conclusion of the agencys own chemical safety experts who under the Obama administration recommended that one of the nations most widely used insecticides be permanently banned at farms nationwide because of the harm it potentially causes children and farm workers. The ruling by Mr. Pruitt, in one of his first formal actions as the nations top environmental official, rejected a petition filed a decade ago by two environmental groups that had asked that the agency ban all uses of chlorpyrifos. The chemical was banned in 2000 for use in most household settings, but still today is used at about 40,000 farms on about 50 different types of crops, ranging from almonds to apples. Late last year, and based in part on research conducted at Columbia University, E.P.A. scientists concluded that exposure to the chemical that has been in use since 1965 was potentially causing significant health consequences. They included learning and memory declines, particularly among farm workers and young children who may be exposed through drinking water and other sources. But Dow Chemical, which sells the product under the trade name Lorsban, along with farm groups that use it, had argued that the science demonstrating that chlorpyrifos caused such harm is inconclusive  especially when properly used to kill crop-spoiling insects. <N> After meeting with and listening to talking points from Dow Chemical Company, the maker of the pesticide chlorpyrifos, the EPA announced it would reverse its decision to ban the chemical, which is linked to neurological developmental issues in children. What Happened On March 29, 2017, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt announced that his agency would decline to ban chlorpyrifos, despite years of scientific study and deliberation indicating that the pesticide poses a clear risk to children, farmworkers, and users of rural drinking water. This was a 180-degree turn from the science-based conclusion reached just a few months before by the EPA Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention, which found that chlorpyrifos has harmful effects on childrens brain development. Both EPA scientists and the American Academy of Pediatrics have urged the EPA to ban the insecticide. Pruitts reason for the EPAs decision? The Federal Register notice stated that the science addressing neurodevelopmental effects remains unresolved and further evaluation of the science  is warranted. However, the EPA, along with independent scientists, had already demonstrated the gravity of the pesticides impacts on children. The science is not in question. Jim Jones, who ran the EPA chemical safety division for five years, told the New York Times he was disappointed by the decision: They are ignoring the science that is pretty solid and would put farm workers and exposed children at unnecessary risk. The EPAs decision was politically motivated, and what could be more motivating than the money, power, and influence of Dow Chemical Company within the Trump Administration? The full story of Dow Chemicals involvement in Pruitts chlorpyrifos decision is still being uncovered. But the circumstantial evidence of the weeks and months leading up to the decision are highly suggestive. Dow Chemical gave $1 million to fund President Trump's inaugural activities, and its chairman and CEO, Andrew Liveris, was a key advisor to the Trump Administration, heading up the presidents since-disbanded American Manufacturing Council. In fact, when Trump signed a February executive order creating federal agency task forces in charge of choosing regulations to roll back, Liveris was standing behind the president. "Andrew, I would like to thank you for initially getting the group together and for the fantastic job you've done," Trump said while signing the order and handing the pen to Liveris as a souvenir. Dow spent more than $13.6 million on lobbying in 2016 and had spent over $5.2 million in the first quarter of 2017, advocating with the EPA, the White House, and both chambers of Congress for a variety of policies, including chlorpyrifos regulatory status. In June, it was revealed that Administrator Pruitt met with the CEO of Dow Chemical before making his decision to allow continued use of chlorpyrifos across the US. And at a March 1 meeting with members of the American Farm Bureau Federation during which chlorpyrifos was a major focus, Pruitt stressed that this is a new day, a new future, for a common-sense approach to environmental protection and that the administration is looking forward to working closely with the agricultural community. After the decision was announced, lawyers representing Dow sent a letter to the EPA, Department of Interior, and Department of Commerce asking Pruitt, Secretary Ryan Zinke and Secretary Wilbur Ross, respectively, "to set aside" the results of government studies showing that the insecticide is harmful to childrens health. The details of this case point to the government prioritizing special interests over independent science, turning what should have been a science-based decision into one driven by political favor. Why It Matters The power that companies like Dow Chemical wield in government can give them special access to administration officials, which in turn can allow them to unduly influence federal policies in ways that serve corporate interests rather than the public interest. EPA banned the use of chlorpyrifos indoors in 2000, citing concerns for the health of children. Exposure to chlorpyrifos, which kills pests by interrupting the electrochemical processes in nerve cells, is already affecting families in Tulare County in Californias Central Valley, where those who live and work close to fruit and nut orchards are particularly at risk. When farmers spray the chemical on crops, the resulting plumes drift into homes, schools, and workplaces in the surrounding area. We know this is dangerous for the children, but what are we supposed to do? says Fidelia Moreles. Her five children suffer from asthma and bronchitis and have difficulty concentrating in school. Tulare County resident Domitila Lemus recounted a time when a pesticide spray drifted toward students in a school playground. They were out of breath. Some were throwing up Its a strong smell that gets into your head and hurts your brain. In a recent study of mothers and children living in the agricultural Salinas Valley of California, children living within a kilometer of farm fields that use chlorpyrifos and other neurotoxic pesticides exhibited lowered IQs and impaired verbal comprehension. In 2016, after years of scientific study, the EPA concluded that chlorpyrifos can have harmful effects on child brain development. The regulation of chlorpyrifos is an environmental justice issue as well as a public health issue. Latino children in California are 91 percent more likely than white children to attend schools near areas of heavy pesticide use. Tulare County has some of the highest rates of poverty in California and some of the nations worst air quality. Chlorpyrifos is still widely sprayed on corn, soybeans, fruit and nut trees, Brussels sprouts, broccoli, and other crops, with exposure to the chemical disproportionately affecting vulnerable communities. As recently as May 2017, 50 California farmworkers became ill, some hospitalized, after they were exposed to chlorpyrifos that was used according to its labeled use but had drifted from a nearby property. Science should be used to prevent harm and to protect lives. The decision to put the agenda of a corporation over the lives and wellbeing of Americans is an egregious failure of our government to use strong, independent science to protect public health and safety. Further Reading <N> Nearly two-dozen corporations gave upwards of $5 million in December alone to help fund President Donald Trump Donald John TrumpIran claims it rejected Trump meeting requests 8 times ESPY host jokes Putin was as happy after Trump summit as Ovechkin winning Stanley Cup Russian ambassador: Trump made verbal agreements with Putin MOREs inauguration, helping contribute to the largest haul for an inauguration ever. Dow Chemical and Pfizer each shelled out $1 million, and Amgen, Exxon Mobil, Altria, Microsoft and sugar company Florida Crystals gave $500,000 a piece in the weeks leading up to the event, according to disclosure forms that were submitted to the House and Senate. The Presidential Inaugural Committee  an independent fundraising organization that foots the bill for items from port-a-potties to glitzy inaugural balls  does not have to disclose its donors for 90 days after the event. However, lobbyists and entities that hire them must submit reports every six months detailing all political donations. Reports indicate more companies gave to the inaugural festivities in January, bringing the total to at least $7 million, though the figure is likely much higher. In January, Chevron, Boeing and Coca-Cola became big-money contributors, with Boeing giving $1 million to the inauguration and the oil giant contributing $500,000, according to The Associated Press and Fox News. Many of the companies who donated have a tradition of making donations to presidential inaugurations, no matter which party is in power. Coca-Cola, for instance, threw in an amount in line to the $430,000 it gave to Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaEx-White House stenographer: Trump is lying to the American people Trump has the right foreign policy strategy  he just needs to stop talking The Hill's 12:30 Report  Trump faces bipartisan criticism over Putin presser, blames media for coverage MOREs 2013 inaugural in cash and non-alcoholic beverages, but declined to name an exact figure. Boeing also gave $1 million to help fund Obamas swearing-in festivities in 2013. Another Trump donor, Exxon Mobil, donated $250,000 to both Obama and President George W. Bushs post-reelection inaugural committees. The companys former CEO Rex Tillerson is now Trumps secretary of State. Dow Chemical, who is among Trumps largest inaugural donors with a $1 million donation, also gave $250,000 to Bushs 2005 inaugural. A few weeks after the contribution, Trump named Dow Chemicals CEO as the head of the American Manufacturing Council in his administration. Trump lauded CEO Andrew Liveris as one of the most respected businessmen in the world, who is keeping jobs with the Michigan-based Dow in the United States. Livernis praised Trump in turn. Youre paving the way with your administration and your policies to make it easier to do business in this country, said Liveris, a native Australian, at the event announcing his appointment to the council. Not a red-tape country, but a red-carpet country for Americas businesses. America first! Several companies that helped fund Trumps inauguration did not give money to the reelection inaugurals of Obama or Bush, including Aetna, Anthem, MetLife Group, CVS Health and Monsanto. Walmart and UPS also gave money to support Trumps inauguration, according to Fox News, though the amounts remain unknown. Trumps presidential inaugural committee reportedly raised $90 million to put on the events surrounding his swearing in on Jan. 20, dwarfing the amount raised by his predecessors. Obama raised $53 million for his first inaugural in 2009  and ended up with cash left over. He held 10 inaugural balls in 2009, which were all funded by donations to the presidential inaugural committee, while Trump only threw three of the galas. Bush took in $42 million following his election to a second term in 2004, with more than $20 million coming from corporations, industry groups, investment firms and lobby shops, according to a tally of federal records by The Hill. (Prior to that, donations to presidential inaugural committees were not required.) "I can't imagine how [Trumps inaugural team is] going to spend that amount of money  and why they would even keep raising money, Steve Kerrigan, the CEO for Obamas 2013 inaugural told The Associated Press. We planned the two largest inaugurations in the history of our country and we never spent anywhere near that. The event, following Obamas reelection in 2012, raised $43 million. Like Trump, Obama rode a populist wave into office, pledging to change the culture in Washington. Part of that included eschewing corporate donations for his 2009 inaugural. (Obama did take corporate donations for his second swearing-in ceremony.) Excess funds from Trumps inaugural committee would be donated to charity, according to The Associated Press, but the committee did not respond to an inquiry from The Hill about how much money may be left over or what charities would benefit from the proceeds. <N> Obama 2009 Inauguration Donors Like his presidential campaign, the festivities surrounding Barack Obama's swearing-in as the nation's 44th president were financed by private donations, a practice that goes back many administrations. What changes from president to president is the type and amount of money that the Presidential Inaugural Committee decides to collect. The government places no limits on these contributions, but Obama capped money for his inauguration at $50,000 per person - still, more than 10 times what individuals could give to his campaign. Contributions from corporations, labor unions, political action committees and registered lobbyists were not accepted. Donors at the $50,000 level reportedly got tickets to the official ceremony, the parade and inaugural balls. The Inaugural Committee voluntarily disclosed its donors as it raised the money but had to report its fundraising to the government following the inauguration. Loading Chart Top Industries of Inauguration Donors Industry Total # of Donations Securities & Investment $4,596,538 257 Lawyers/Law Firms $4,351,710 1045 TV/Movies/Music $2,333,223 149 Business Services $2,116,466 281 Real Estate $2,032,800 193 Retired $1,630,871 335 Misc Finance $1,504,728 151 Misc Business $1,393,724 284 Electronics Mfg & Equip $1,129,320 80 Non-Profit Institutions $878,266 64 Top States of Inauguration Donations Loading Chart State Total # of Donations California $9,670,531 2430 New York $5,998,540 1758 Illinois $5,392,353 1460 District of Columbia $3,210,381 3831 Florida $2,455,566 752 Texas $1,966,988 648 Virginia $1,742,252 1669 Maryland $1,638,274 1590 Washington $1,491,435 392 All Others $11,077,567 6371 Top Inauguration Donors, Grouped by Organization (See All Organizations Giving $10,000 or more) Organization Total # of Donations Microsoft Corp $254,000 10 Soros Fund Management $250,000 5 Baron & Budd $235,324 10 Small Ventures USA $200,000 3 Fletcher Asset Management $165,000 4 Capital Group Companies $151,000 4 Henry Crown & Co $135,000 4 Skadden, Arps et al $132,852 18 Google Inc $128,517 9 Sidley Austin LLP $126,585 19 Name Employer/Affiliation City State Total Bruzzese, Kayla Small Ventures USA Houston TX $100,000 Wessinger, J Minott McKenzie River Corp San Francisco CA $100,000 Abbasi, Sara Atherton CA $50,000 Aberly, Naomi Self-Employed Dallas TX $50,000 Abernathy, Ronald Scottsdale AZ $50,000 Adams, R Ware Dean & Co Washington DC $50,000 Aitken, Wylie Aitken, Aitken & Cohn Santa Ana CA $50,000 Altig, Richard W American Income Life Insurance Kirkland WA $50,000 Anderson, Robert Naples FL $50,000 Antaramian, Jack Antaramian Development Group Naples FL $50,000 Antaramian, Mona Antaramian Development Group Naples FL $50,000 Arbitblit, Don Lieff, Cabraser et al San Francisco CA $50,000 Argomaniz, Alberto Allstate Workplace Miami FL $50,000 Aron, Abbe K World Leisure Partners Glencoe IL $50,000 Aron, Adam World Leisure Partners Glencoe IL $50,000 Arsht, Adrienne TotalBank Miami FL $50,000 Atterbeary, Knowlton Silver Spring MD $50,000 Aversano, Rick Retired Newport Beach CA $50,000 Aycox, Leslie Select Management Resources Alpharetta GA $50,000 Aycox, Rod Select Management Resources Alpharetta GA $50,000 Bainum, Sandra Y Choice Hotels International Chevy Chase MD $50,000 Bainum, Stewart W Choice Hotels International Chevy Chase MD $50,000 Ballmer, Connie Microsoft Corp Hunts Point WA $50,000 Ballmer, Steven Microsoft Corp Hunts Point WA $50,000 Banks, Liz EBI Inc Marina del Rey CA $50,000 Barnes, Melanie Ben Barnes Group Austin TX $50,000 Baron, Steven T Baron & Budd Dallas TX $50,000 Bass, Robert Keystone Group Fort Worth TX $50,000 Batty, Judith Exxon Mobil Washington DC $50,000 Bennett, Carol UCLA Los Angeles CA $50,000 Bentley, Andrew Unemployed Westport CT $50,000 Bergman, Matthew Bergman & Frockt Vashon WA $50,000 Bernhard, Dana R Shaw Group Baton Rouge LA $50,000 Berrie, Angelica Russ Berrie & Co Englewood NJ $50,000 Berry, Halle Actress Los Angeles CA $50,000 Black, Keith Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Los Angeles CA $50,000 Black, Leon Apollo Management New York NY $50,000 Blackwell, Robert Blackwell Consulting Services Chicago IL $50,000 Blaylock, Ronald Blaylock & Partners New York NY $50,000 Blume, Bruce Blume Co Seattle WA $50,000 Boger, Joshua Vertex Pharmaceuticals Concord MA $50,000 Bohnett, David Baroda Ventures Beverly Hills CA $50,000 Booth, Suzanne Self-Employed Santa Monica CA $50,000 Borges, Francisco L Landmark Partners Simsbury CT $50,000 Brass, Arthur Gulf Coast Asphalt Houston TX $50,000 Braun, Aaron Willow Creek Capital Kentfield CA $50,000 Brickey, Jane Self-Employed Sebastopol CA $50,000 Brink, Charles Retired Tampa FL $50,000 Brink, Christopher Brink Foundation Tampa FL $50,000 Brittain, Deborah Preod Corp Princeton NJ $50,000 Brittenham, Skip M Ziffren, Brittenham et al Beverly Hills CA $50,000 Broad, Eli Broad Foundation Los Angeles CA $50,000 Bronstein, Keith D Tradelink Uc Chicago IL $50,000 Brosens, Frank Taconic Capital Advisors Bedford NY $50,000 Brown, Christina Louisville KY $50,000 Brown, Owsley Retired Louisville KY $50,000 Buckel, Linda Self-Employed Park City UT $50,000 Budd, Dorothy A Baron & Budd Dallas TX $50,000 Budd, Russell W Baron & Budd Dallas TX $50,000 Cabanas, John H C&T Charters Miami Beach FL $50,000 Campbell, James Pohaku Fund Kentfield CA $50,000 Cardinale, Steven Comprehensive Industrial Disability Mgmt San Ramon CA $50,000 Carpenter, Jake Burton Snowboards Stowe VT $50,000 Carroll, Raoul L Christalex Partners Washington DC $50,000 Carsey, Marcia Carsey-Werner LLC Los Angeles CA $50,000 Carter, Dickie S Urban Service Systems Washington DC $50,000 Casey, David Casey, Gerry et al San Diego CA $50,000 Cauthen, Florence Mangum Attorney Montgomery AL $50,000 Chambers, Ann Cox Cox Enterprises Atlanta GA $50,000 Chambers, Merle C Leith Ventures Denver CO $50,000 Chanos, James Kynikos Assoc New York NY $50,000 Chesley, Stanley Waite, Schneider et al Cincinnati OH $50,000 Chihuly, Dale Artist Seattle WA $50,000 Clark, Robert Clayco Construction Saint Louis MO $50,000 Clark, Simon London England $50,000 Coffey, John Bernstein, Litowitz et al Bronxville NY $50,000 Cogan, John Pioneer Investment Management Cambridge MA $50,000 Cohen, Joseph London England $50,000 Cohen, Steven Cohen Law Group Chicago IL $50,000 Cole, Thomas Sidley Austin LLP Kenilworth IL $50,000 Collins, Andrea A Ripplewood Holdings Saratoga Springs NY $50,000 Collins, Arthur Public Private Partnership Inc Arlington VA $50,000 Collins, Timothy C Ripplewood Holdings Saratoga Springs NY $50,000 Combs, Sean Bad Boy Worldwide Entertainment New York NY $50,000 Cornfield, Linda Adelpha Systems Seattle WA $50,000 Corsell, Peter L Gridpoint Energy Miami Beach FL $50,000 Cox, Patricia Self-Employed Chicago IL $50,000 Crane, Thomas TriState Auto Auction Crestwood IL $50,000 Crown, James S Henry Crown & Co Chicago IL $50,000 Crown, Paula H Henry Crown & Co Chicago IL $50,000 Curling, Douglas C ChoicePoint Inc Roswell GA $50,000 Dada, Festus Surgeon Corona CA $50,000 Dada, Jeanie Crown Surgery Medical Group Corona CA $50,000 Daley, William JPMorgan Chase & Co Chicago IL $50,000 Davis, Sheila Libellule Enterprises San Diego CA $50,000 Dawkins, Stephen Caduceus Occupational Medicine Atlanta GA $50,000 Dehovitz, Joan Self-Employed Kentfield CA $50,000 Delaney, Michael Retired Jupiter FL $50,000 Delcastillo, D Tiana Everitt Madrid $50,000 Diamond, Neil Musician Los Angeles CA $50,000 Diaz, Paul J Kindred Healthcare Louisville KY $50,000 Dimon, James JPMorgan Chase & Co New York NY $50,000 Disney, Abigail E Philanthropist New York NY $50,000 Dowley, Mark Endeavor Marketing New York NY $50,000 Druckenmiller, Fiona B Duquesne Capital Management New York NY $50,000 Earhardt, Anne Corona del Mar CA $50,000 Echarte, Luis Azteca America Glendale CA $50,000 Eden, Jeremy EHS Partners Chicago IL $50,000 Edwards, Donald J Flexpoint Partners Chicago IL $50,000 Edwards, Twana Dentist Chicago IL $50,000 Egerman, Joanne H eScription Inc Weston MA $50,000 Egerman, Paul eScription Inc Weston MA $50,000 Ellis, Lisa R Sony Music Entertainment New York NY $50,000 Engelberg, Alfred Attorney Palm Beach FL $50,000 Epstein, Todd H Major Brands Inc Saint Louis MO $50,000 Eychaner, Fred Newsweb Corp Chicago IL $50,000 Faber, Suzanne Retired Chicago IL $50,000 Fass, Daniel Greenwich Radiation Oncology Riverside CT $50,000 Feldman, James Attorney Washington DC $50,000 Ferring, John Plaze Inc Saint Clair MO $50,000 Ferriter, John William Morris Endeavor Agency Beverly Hills CA $50,000 Ficker, Jared Consultant Sacramento CA $50,000 Field, Marie Entercom Communications Bala Cynwyd PA $50,000 Fikes, Amy Homemaker Dallas TX $50,000 Findlater, Chris Cheyenne Exploration Cheyenne WY $50,000 Fisher, Daniel R Attorney Seattle WA $50,000 Fisher, David Capital Group Companies Pacific Palisades CA $50,000 Fletcher, Alphonse Fletcher Asset Management New York NY $50,000 Fletcher, Betty E Educator Waterford CT $50,000 Fletcher, Geoffrey New York NY $50,000 Ford, Devon Antelope CA $50,000 Fox, Alan ACF Property Management Studio City CA $50,000 Foxx, Jamie Foxx Production Los Angeles CA $50,000 Funger, Morton Ralmor Corp Potomac MD $50,000 Furst, Zev First International Resources Englewood NJ $50,000 Gallogy, Mark New York NY $50,000 Galvin, Elizabeth Retired Washington DC $50,000 Gates, Melinda Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Kirkland WA $50,000 Gates, William H Microsoft Corp Kirkland WA $50,000 Gayler, Ivan Del Mar Partnership del Mar CA $50,000 Glaser, Robert Realnetworks Seattle WA $50,000 Goldman, Douglas E Certain Software Inc San Francisco CA $50,000 Goodfarb, Adam Medical Groups Malibu CA $50,000 Gordy, Berry TGC Management Los Angeles CA $50,000 Gottlieb, Anne B Evanston IL $50,000 Gottlieb, Howard Glenwood Financial Group Evanston IL $50,000 Grechin, Vitaly Ryiv UK $50,000 Grullon, Dinorah Washington DC $50,000 Gural, Aaron Newmark Knight Frank New York NY $50,000 Haas, Robert D Levi Strauss & Co San Francisco CA $50,000 Haddock, Edward E Full Sail University Winter Park FL $50,000 Hall, Craig Hall Financial Group Frisco TX $50,000 Hall, Kathryn Hall Financial Group Frisco TX $50,000 Haney, Fitzgerald Englewood NJ $50,000 Hanks, Thomas Actor Santa Monica CA $50,000 Hanley, Michael Hanley Foundation Washington DC $50,000 Hardman, Doug North Barrington IL $50,000 Harper, Art Capitol Partners Bellevue WA $50,000 Hassan, Susan Skadden, Arps et al Chicago IL $50,000 Hauser, Pierre N Writer New York NY $50,000 Havranek, Rosemarie Intellectual Ventures LLC Bellevue WA $50,000 Hays, Carole Shorenstein Hays Nederlander Theater San Francisco CA $50,000 Hays, Jeffrey Jeffrey Paul Hays MD San Francisco CA $50,000 Henderson, Helen Lee Hrh Foundation Washington DC $50,000 Henson, Lisa Jim Henson Co Beverly Hills CA $50,000 Herbst, Ann Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Fdtn New York NY $50,000 Hertel, Kristen Hayler Homemaker Winnetka IL $50,000 Hess, Marlene Philanthropic Consultant New York NY $50,000 Higginbottom, Elzie L East Lake Management & Development Chicago IL $50,000 Hindery, Leo Intermedia Partners New York NY $50,000 Hinkle, Donald Hinkle & Foran Tallahassee FL $50,000 Hirschl, Tamara HBJ Investments New York NY $50,000 Hirshberg, Margaret Freelance Writer Concord NH $50,000 Hobson, Mellody L Chicago IL $50,000 Hollis, Julis Roswell GA $50,000 Hormel, James C Equidex Inc San Francisco CA $50,000 Hornig, George Credit Suisse Group New York NY $50,000 Howard, Ronald Imagine Entertainment Greenwich CT $50,000 Hull, M Blair Matlock Capital Chicago IL $50,000 Hunter, Racheal Acupuncture Mill Valley CA $50,000 Hussman, John Hussman Investment Trust Ellicott City MD $50,000 Hutchins, Glenn Silver Lake Partners New York NY $50,000 Insana, Ron Insana Capital Partners Tenafly NJ $50,000 Iola, Mark Stanley Mandel & Iola Dallas TX $50,000 Irono, Emmanuel O Motir Services Bowie MD $50,000 Iseman, Ellen Issues Management International New York NY $50,000 Jackson, Samuel L Actor Los Angeles CA $50,000 Jessee, Chandra E Unemployed Greenwich CT $50,000 Johnson, Jerry PRWT Services Bryn Mawr PA $50,000 Johnson, John Fish & Richardson New York NY $50,000 Johnson, Joseph Telein Group Seal Beach CA $50,000 Johnston, William Greenleaf Trust Kalamazoo MI $50,000 Jones, Marcella Miller & Chevalier Washington DC $50,000 Juelsgaard, Stephen G Genentech Inc Woodside CA $50,000 Jurvetson, Karla Physician Menlo Park CA $50,000 Kagan, Howard Harbinger Capital Partners New York NY $50,000 Kang, Betty New York NY $50,000 Kaplan, Jonathan Natural Resources Defense Council San Francisco CA $50,000 Kapor, Mitchell D Kapor Enterprises San Francisco CA $50,000 Katzenberg, Jeffrey Dreamworks Animation SKG Los Angeles CA $50,000 Katzenberg, Marilyn Dreamworks Animation SKG Los Angeles CA $50,000 Kauffman, Marta Marta Kauffman Productions Encino CA $50,000 Keane, Heather Vista Print Arlington MA $50,000 Keane, John Los Angeles CA $50,000 Kebede, Liya IMG Model Management New York NY $50,000 Kempner, Michael MWW Group Cresskill NJ $50,000 Kenney, David W Kenney Group Denver CO $50,000 Kertzman, Mitchell Hummer Winblad Venture Partners Mill Valley CA $50,000 Kiechnick, Micheal Palo Alto CA $50,000 Kiely, Denis Fletcher Asset Management Cold Spring Harbor NY $50,000 Kiely, Denis Fletcher Asset Management Cold Spring Harbor NY $50,000 Kimpton, Laura Artist Nicasio CA $50,000 King, Paul Ubm Inc Chicago IL $50,000 Kinney, Mary Sacramento CA $50,000 Kirk, Randall J Third Security Radford VA $50,000 Krinsk, Marc Y Retired San Diego CA $50,000 Kulok, Daryl DEPA Greenwich CT $50,000 Landron, Roberto Camino RG Engineering San Juan PR $50,000 Lassiter, James Overbrook Entertainment Los Angeles CA $50,000 Laufer, Marsha Renaissance Technologies Setauket NY $50,000 Lawal, Ellen Houston TX $50,000 Lear, Norman Act III Communications Beverly Hills CA $50,000 Lee, Thai SHI Piscataway NJ $50,000 Leeds, Daniel Fulcrum Investments Washington DC $50,000 Leichtman, Karl Retired New York NY $50,000 Lerach, Michelle Coughlin, Stoia et al La Jolla CA $50,000 Lev, Holly Organic India Boulder CO $50,000 Levine, Ralph New York NY $50,000 Levychurch, Jeanne J&J Blue Enterprises New York NY $50,000 Liles, Kevin Warner Music Group New York NY $50,000 Lmasogie, Osagie Phoenix Ip Ventures Gladwyne PA $50,000 Lowry, James Boston Consulting Group Chicago IL $50,000 Lucas, George Lucasfilm Ltd San Rafael CA $50,000 Ludwig, Carol Promontory Financial Group Washington DC $50,000 Ludwig, Eugene Promontory Financial Group Washington DC $50,000 Mahoney, Alice Investor New Canaan CT $50,000 Mahoney, William P Investor New Canaan CT $50,000 Mai, Annie AEA Investors Port Washington NY $50,000 Mai, Vincent AEA Investors Port Washington NY $50,000 Malkin, Barry GEM Investors Chicago IL $50,000 Malkin, Stephen Grosvenor Capital Management Glencoe IL $50,000 Maloof, Alan Genovese, Joblove & Battista Coral Gables FL $50,000 Mandell, Robert Meritage Homes Winter Park FL $50,000 Manilow, Susan Retired Chicago IL $50,000 Marcovsky, Michael E Marnel Assoc Los Angeles CA $50,000 Marks, Howard Oaktree Capital Management Los Angeles CA $50,000 Mathiba, Tebogo Houston TX $50,000 Max, Diane Homemaker New York NY $50,000 Mcconathy, Pat Energy Vail CO $50,000 Mcconnell, John J Motley Rice LLC Providence RI $50,000 Mccormack, Win Mccormack Communications Portland OR $50,000 Mccourt, Jamie Los Angeles Dodgers Los Angeles CA $50,000 Mcelrathslade, Rose Strategic Resources Inc Great Falls VA $50,000 Mcfarland, Jeffery Quinn, Emanuel et al Manhattan Beach CA $50,000 Mcgarr, Cappy R McGarr Capital Dallas TX $50,000 Mcguire, Ray Citigroup Inc New York NY $50,000 Mckenna, William Retired Palo Alto CA $50,000 Mckinley, Edward J Finance White Pigeon MI $50,000 Mcneil, James L Retired Alexandria VA $50,000 Meresman, Sharon A Retired Los Altos CA $50,000 Messner, Michael Seminole Capital Partners New York NY $50,000 Meyersimon, Diane Global Green USA Montecito CA $50,000 Milliken, Roger Cumberland ME $50,000 Mills, Brent Olan Mills Chattanooga TN $50,000 Milstein, Abby S Constantine Cannon New York NY $50,000 Milstein, Constance Ogden Cap Properties New York NY $50,000 Milstein, Howard P Emigrant Bank New York NY $50,000 Mirza, Megan Self-Employed Bloomfield Hills MI $50,000 Monks, Robert Cs Real Estate Cape Elizabeth ME $50,000 Mostov, Charles H Attorney Los Angeles CA $50,000 Muckenfuss, Cantwell Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher Chevy Chase MD $50,000 Murphy, Martha Coastal Land & Drilling El Dorado AR $50,000 Murphy, Phil Democratic National Cmte (Officer) Red Bank NJ $50,000 Murphy, Tammy Democratic National Cmte (Officer) Red Bank NJ $50,000 Myers, Aaron Corsicana TX $50,000 Myers, Keith LHC Group Sunset LA $50,000 Myers, Woody Indiapolis IN $50,000 Myhrvold, Nathan Intellectual Ventures LLC Bellevue WA $50,000 Nelsen, Ana St Thomas VI $50,000 Nemazee, Hassan Nemazee Capital New York NY $50,000 Nguyen, Lon G Pragmatics Inc McClean VA $50,000 Norman, Christina MTV Networks Brooklyn NY $50,000 Obrien, Margo Massagno Switzerla $50,000 Orr, Robert Retired Kamakura Japan $50,000 Ortiz, Rafael Retired San Francisco CA $50,000 Oruna, Rogelio R Devor Global Miami FL $50,000 Osborne, David D Los Gatos CA $50,000 Osborne, Georgia Los Gatos CA $50,000 Oscodar, Bara Eci D Agency San Francisco CA $50,000 Osorio, Amarilis InnoVida Holdings Miami Beach FL $50,000 Owensby, Charles Real Estate Wilmington DE $50,000 Palmer, Vicki Coca-Cola Enterprises Atlanta GA $50,000 Pang, Sheldon Royal Bank of Canada Capital Market Greenwich CT $50,000 Pao, Ellen Kleiner, Perkins et al San Francisco CA $50,000 Parish, Julia Parish & Co San Francisco CA $50,000 Parker, Michael Loma Verde Properties Berkeley CA $50,000 Payne, Ulice Addison-Clifton LLC Greenfield WI $50,000 Pearman, Raven-Symone Duluth GA $50,000 Pedraza, Raul Magno International Miami FL $50,000 Perelman, Ronald O MacAndrews & Forbes New York NY $50,000 Perkins, Randy Ashbritt Inc Pompano Beach FL $50,000 Perkins, Stephanie Small Ventures USA Houston TX $50,000 Perkins, William Small Ventures USA Houston TX $50,000 Phelps, Douglas US Public Interest Research Group Denver CO $50,000 Phillips, Charles Oracle Corp New York NY $50,000 Pohlad, Robert C PepsiAmericas Inc Edina MN $50,000 Polsky, Michael Invenergy LLC Chicago IL $50,000 Porta, Bonnie Homemaker Cape Elizabeth ME $50,000 Price, Corbett Kurron Shares of America New York NY $50,000 Primo, Quintin E Capri Capital Chicago IL $50,000 Pritzer, Jb Prtizker Group Evanston IL $50,000 Pritzer, Thomas Chicago IL $50,000 Pritzker, Penny S Pritzker Realty Group Chicago IL $50,000 Pucker, Gigi Pritzker Dee Gee Entertainment Chicago IL $50,000 Ragon, Philip InterSystems Corp Cambridge MA $50,000 Ragon, Susan InterSystems Corp Cambridge MA $50,000 Ramsey, W Russell Ramsey Asset Management Great Falls VA $50,000 Rapoport, Bernard Southwestern Life Insurance Co Waco TX $50,000 Ratner, Ellen Talk Radio News Service Brooklyn NY $50,000 Reaud, Wayne A Reaud, Morgan & Quinn Beaumont TX $50,000 Recanati, Michael Self-Employed New York NY $50,000 Reid, Antonio Universal Music Group New York NY $50,000 Reinhardt, Peter Ernst & Young Orlando FL $50,000 Rhodes, Kalpana Investor La Jolla CA $50,000 Rice, Linda Johnson Publishing Chicago IL $50,000 Richman, Richard Richman Group Greenwich CT $50,000 Rickman, Roderick MPS Group West Bloomfield MI $50,000 Rising, Jonathan Garodnick 2009 La Canada CA $50,000 Rising, Nelson Maguire Properties La Canada CA $50,000 Rising, Sharon Maguire Properties La Canada CA $50,000 Robinson, William Los Angeles CA $50,000 Roche, Robert Entrepreneur Shanghai China $50,000 Rodgers, Johnathan TV One Washington DC $50,000 Rogers, John W Ariel Capital Management Chicago IL $50,000 Rogers, Victoria Self-Employed Chicago IL $50,000 Rogers, Wayne L Synergics LLC Annapolis MD $50,000 Rose, Daniel Rose Assoc New York NY $50,000 Ross, Neil Retired Chicago IL $50,000 Rothblatt, Bina Retired Satellite Beach FL $50,000 Rothblatt, Martine United Therapeutics Satellite Beach FL $50,000 Rudd, Paul Adaptive Analytics San Francisco CA $50,000 Ruffin, Guy Puyallup WA $50,000 Ruffin, Lisa Puyallup WA $50,000 Ryan, Patrick AON Corp Winnetka IL $50,000 Ryan, Shirley Pathways Awareness Foundation Winnetka IL $50,000 Sacca, Christopher Lowercase Capital San Francisco CA $50,000 Sacks, Cari Grosvenor Capital Management Highland Park IL $50,000 Sacks, Micheal Highland Park IL $50,000 Safran, Thomas Thomas Safran & Assoc Los Angeles CA $50,000 Sandor, Richard L Chicago Climate Exchange Chicago IL $50,000 Satter, Muneer A Goldman Sachs Winnetka IL $50,000 Schmidt, Barbara Retired Boca Raton FL $50,000 Schulte, David Chilmark Partners Chicago IL $50,000 Schwertfeger, Timothy R Nuveen Investments Chicago IL $50,000 Segal, Evan Dormont Manufacturing Blawnox PA $50,000 Selman, Juan J Kew Gardens Hills NY $50,000 Shanfeld, Frederick Leesburg VA $50,000 Shapira, Nickie 8th Wonder Entertainment Beverly Hills CA $50,000 Shaw, Beth K Financial Writer New York NY $50,000 Shaw, David E DE Shaw & Co New York NY $50,000 Sheares, Bradley Health Care Worker Ambler PA $50,000 Shuman, Stanley S Allen & Co New York NY $50,000 Silver, Paul G Basswood Consulting San Luis Obispo CA $50,000 Simon, Bren Simon Property Group Carmel IN $50,000 Simon, Melvin Simon Property Group Carmel IN $50,000 Simon, Samuel Coconino Pacific Palisades CA $50,000 Simon, Sarah Los Angeles CA $50,000 Smith, Diane Strategic Analysis Inc Arlington VA $50,000 Smith, Don Hard Light Construction Group Washington DC $50,000 Smith, Douglas Management Consultant Chevy Chase MD $50,000 Smith, Jock M Cochran Firm Montgomery AL $50,000 Smith, Robert State of California San Francisco CA $50,000 Smith, Will Actor Los Angeles CA $50,000 Snyder, Harold Teva Corp Cliffside Park NJ $50,000 Solomon, Jane Capital Group Companies Woodside CA $50,000 Soros, Andrea Soros Fund Management New York NY $50,000 Soros, George Soros Fund Management New York NY $50,000 Soros, Jennifer Soros Fund Management New York NY $50,000 Soros, Jonathan Soros Fund Management New York NY $50,000 Soros, Robert Soros Fund Management New York NY $50,000 Spielberg, Kate Capshaw Actress Universal City CA $50,000 Spielberg, Steven DreamWorks SKG Los Angeles CA $50,000 Stafford, Earl Unitech Fairfax VA $50,000 Starr, Kenneth Starr & Co New York NY $50,000 Statfeld, Ira Self-Employed New York NY $50,000 Stein, Bobby Chartwell Capital Management Jacksonville FL $50,000 Stein, Eugene Capital Group Companies La Canada CA $50,000 Stephenson, Aubrey Federal Management Systems Washington DC $50,000 Stetson, Eugene W Private Investor Norwich VT $50,000 Steyer, Thomas Farallon Capital Management San Francisco CA $50,000 Stone, Sharon Actor Los Angeles CA $50,000 Strickland, Thomas Semple Brown Denver CO $50,000 Strickler, Elizabeth Centerbridge Partners New York NY $50,000 Stryker, Pat Bohemian Foundation Fort Collins CO $50,000 Stryker, Ronda E Stryker Corp Kalamazoo MI $50,000 Summy, Scott Baron & Budd Southlake TX $50,000 Susman, Louis B Citigroup Inc Chicago IL $50,000 Sussman, Donald Paloma Partners St Thomas VI $50,000 Swig, Steven Presidio School of Management San Francisco CA $50,000 Tayback, Clare P Quinn Emanuel Llp San Marino CA $50,000 Thomas, Carolyn Mc Lean VA $50,000 Thompson, John Symantec Corp Woodside CA $50,000 Titelman, William Grant & Eisenhofer Washington DC $50,000 Traubert, Bryan Eye Physicians & Surgeons of Chicago Chicago IL $50,000 Travel, San Manuel Patton CA $50,000 Trotter, Lloyd Genx360 Capital Partners Farmington CT $50,000 Turner, Bonnie Writer New York NY $50,000 Turner, Hurley Calister Nashville TN $50,000 Turner, Robert Turner Investment Partners Paoli PA $50,000 Valdespino, Jessica Microunity Systems Palo Alto CA $50,000 Valezdominguez, Rafael Guaynabo PR $50,000 Vanlee, Reginald Booz Allen Hamilton New York NY $50,000 Vanroekel, Steven Microsoft Corp Seattle WA $50,000 Varis, Agnes Agvar Chemicals New York NY $50,000 Vechey, John Popcap Games Seattle WA $50,000 Viera, Paul Investments Atlanta GA $50,000 Vlock, Michael Crittall Windows Ltd Branford CT $50,000 Wallace, Henry Scott Wallace Global Fund Bethesda MD $50,000 Waller, Gail Unemployed Chicago IL $50,000 Wallop, French Arlington VA $50,000 Warner, Shonda Clarksdale MS $50,000 Warschan, Hope Santa Monica CA $50,000 Washington, Denzel Actor Santa Monica CA $50,000 Washington, Pauletta Musician Santa Monica CA $50,000 Watts, Mikal Watts Law Firm San Antonio TX $50,000 Waxman, Albert S Psilos Group Managers Santa Fe NM $50,000 Weil, Eugene S Retired Chevy Chase MD $50,000 Weiner, Mark Financial Innovations Cranston RI $50,000 Weiner, Susan Financial Innovations Cranston RI $50,000 Welters, Anthony UnitedHealth Group Vienna VA $50,000 Welters, Beatrice W An Bryce Foundation Mc Lean VA $50,000 Wexler, Natalie Writer Washington DC $50,000 Wexner, Abigail Limited Brands Columbus OH $50,000 Wheeler, Mary Wheeler Television Cornelius NC $50,000 White, Clifford A Sterling VA $50,000 White, Frank Advanced Concepts Inc Silver Spring MD $50,000 White, Walter H London England $50,000 Whitford, Brad Hollow Men Productions Los Angeles CA $50,000 Winner, Charles Winner Wagner Los Angeles CA $50,000 Winograd, Carol Stanford University Stanford CA $50,000 Wright, Jeffrey Maribou New York NY $50,000 Wright, Timothy Chicago IL $50,000 Yang, Jerry Los Altos Hills CA $50,000 Yergin, Daniel Washington DC $50,000 Zarin, Judith Independent Film Producer New York NY $50,000 Zednik, Deanna Lakeshore Trading Bonita Springs FL $50,000 Zednik, Joe Lakeshore Trading Bonita Springs FL $50,000 Zemeckis, Robert Self-Employed Burbank CA $50,000 Ziff, Dirk Ziff Brothers Investments New York NY $50,000 <N> Obama 2013 Inauguration Donors The festivities surrounding a president's inauguration are expensive. Contributions to help fund the events  which are not limited in size and can come directly from corporations  must be reported to the Federal Election Commission within 90 days of the inauguration. [See the list of donors to President Obama's 2009 Inauguration] Loading Chart Top Industries of Inauguration Donors Industry Total # of Donations Telephone Utilities $4,712,024 13 Securities & Investment $2,971,139 779 Electronics Mfg & Equip $2,563,785 117 Real Estate $1,994,596 113 Lawyers/Law Firms $1,588,935 622 Business Services $1,436,836 365 Oil & Gas $1,320,998 18 Defense Aerospace $1,112,859 16 Pharmaceuticals/Health Products $1,044,893 49 General Contractors $747,338 29 Top States of Inauguration Donations Loading Chart State Total # of Donations Virginia $5,887,802 1,745 California $5,515,076 1,547 District of Columbia $3,376,532 3,660 New York $3,337,945 970 Illinois $3,082,858 784 Maryland $2,809,237 1,963 Washington $2,463,903 173 Florida $2,193,079 547 New Jersey $1,342,439 411 All Others $8,680,633 4,439 Top Inauguration Donors, Grouped by Organization (See All Organizations Giving $10,000 or more) Organization Total # of Donations AT&T Inc $4,611,778 11 Microsoft Corp $2,078,931 12 Boeing Co $1,005,283 8 Chevron Corp $1,000,322 2 Genentech Inc $750,000 1 Motir Services $520,000 4 Deloitte LLP $510,462 9 FedEx Express $500,000 1 Gill Foundation $500,000 3 Hargrove Inc $500,000 1 Name Employer/Affiliation City State Total AT&T INC VIENNA VA $3,000,000 AT&T INC VIENNA VA $1,600,000 Microsoft Corp REDMOND WA $1,000,000 Boeing Co CHICAGO IL $1,000,000 Chevron Corp SAN RAMON CA $1,000,000 Genentech Inc SAN FRANCISCO CA $750,000 Hargrove Inc LANHAM MD $500,000 FedEx Express MEMPHIS TN $500,000 Microsoft Corp REDMOND WA $500,000 DELOITTE LLP NEW YORK NY $500,000 Microsoft Corp REDMOND WA $438,515 Coca-Cola Co ATLANTA GA $350,000 BANK OF AMERICA CHARLOTTE NC $300,000 Exxon Mobil HOUSTON TX $250,000 Ogden CAP Properties WASHINGTON DC $250,000 Intl Brotherhood of Teamsters WASHINGTON DC $250,000 United Assn of Journeymen & Apprentices ANNAPOLIS MD $250,000 United Assn of Journeymen & Apprentices ANNAPOLIS MD $250,000 United Food & Commercial Workers Union WASHINGTON DC $250,000 Intl Assn of Fire WASHINGTON DC $250,000 Xerox Corp PARSIPPANY NJ $250,000 National Education Assn WASHINGTON DC $250,000 Financial Innovations CRANSTON RI $250,000 His Vision Inc MORRISTOWN NJ $250,000 Intl Brotherhood of Electrical Workers HAUPPAUGE NY $250,000 Brown, Christina Lee Louisville Stoneware LOUISVILLE KY $250,000 Chen, Wilson American Pacific International Capital LAKE OSWEGO OR $250,000 Eychaner, Fred Newsweb Corp CHICAGO IL $250,000 Gill, Timothy Gill Foundation DENVER CO $250,000 Goldman, Amy P Solil Management RHINEBECK NY $250,000 Jordan, Wayne D Akonadi Foundation OAKLAND CA $250,000 Laufer, Marsha Renaissance Technologies LANTANA FL $250,000 Pritzker, Penny S Pritzker Realty Group CHICAGO IL $250,000 Robinson, Tamara Leona Haramat Group CALDWELL NJ $250,000 Rogers, Sm Retired MORRISTOWN NJ $250,000 Sacks, Michael J Grosvenor Capital Management HIGHLAND PARK IL $250,000 Whittingham, Terran Cawl Cawl Developments STAMFORD CT $225,000 Gill, Timothy Gill Foundation DENVER CO $190,000 Stream Line Circle LLC NEW YORK NY $175,000 Mcelrathslade, Rose Strategic Resources Inc GREAT FALLS VA $155,000 Shaw Group BATON ROUGE LA $150,000 Centene Management Corp SAINT LOUIS MO $150,000 Machinists/Aerospace Workers Union UPPER MARLBORO MD $150,000 Langley, John Langley Productions SANTA MONICA CA $150,000 Pollak, Frederick J TracFone Wireless MIAMI BEACH FL $150,000 Warschaw, Hope Warland Investments SANTA MONICA CA $150,000 Irono, Emmanuel Motir Services BOWIE MD $145,000 Qamar, Humeraa West Marion Community Hospital OCALA FL $145,000 Microsoft Corp REDMOND WA $135,870 Wright, Jeffrey Marabou Inc NEW YORK NY $130,000 Forest County Potawatomi Community CRANDON WI $125,000 Benioff, Marc R Salesforce.Com SAN FRANCISCO CA $125,000 Dillon, Michael E Dillon Consulting Engineers LONG BEACH CA $125,000 Irono, Emmanuel Motir Services BOWIE MD $125,000 Irono, Emmanuel Motir Services BOWIE MD $125,000 Irono, Emmanuel Motir Services BOWIE MD $125,000 Kim, Christine Pine Tree Holdings NEW YORK NY $125,000 Marliem, Johannes Marliem Consulting WAYZATA MN $125,000 Reinhardt, Peter Ira Ernst & Young (Cis) B V Branch In Mos SAN RASAEL CA $125,000 Richman, Richard P Richman Group GREENWICH CT $125,000 Stack, Geoffrey L Regis Homes Corp CORONA DEL MAR CA $125,000 Stafford, Earl Wardell Wentworth Group RESTON VA $125,000 Chakoff, Nelcida Associated Lenders LLC CORAL GABLES FL $120,000 Chakoff, Nelcida Associated Lenders LLC CORAL GABLES FL $120,000 Terian, Juliana Rallye Motors NEW YORK NY $112,500 Royal Media Partners MIAMI BEACH FL $100,000 DaVita HealthCare Partners TACOMA WA $100,000 VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS NEW YORK NY $100,000 Laborors International Union WASHINGTON DC $100,000 Morgan & Morgan ORLANDO FL $100,000 East Lake Management & Dev Corp CHICAGO IL $100,000 SOUTHERN COMPANY SERVICES INC ATLANTA GA $100,000 TracFone Wireless DORAL FL $100,000 AMERICAN POSTAL WORKERS UNION, AFLCIO WASHINGTON DC $100,000 Northrop Grumman FALLS CHURCH VA $100,000 Argeros, William Real Estate BETHLEHEM PA $100,000 Aycox, Rod Select Management Resources ALPHARETTA GA $100,000 Beeuwkes, Reinier Ischemix CONCORD MA $100,000 Bell, Colleen Bell-Phillip Television Productions, I LOS ANGELES CA $100,000 Crabb, Anthony P Unemployed HEALDSBURG CA $100,000 Gallogly, Mark T Centerbridge Partners NEW YORK NY $100,000 Marliem, Johannes Marliem Consulting WAYZATA MN $100,000 Parker, Sean Founders Fund BERKELEY CA $100,000 Snyder, Jay Thomas HBJ Investments NEW YORK NY $100,000 Sussman, Donald Paloma Partners PORTLAND ME $100,000 Coca-Cola Co ATLANTA GA $80,000 Haasch, Francoise Law Offices of Francoise M Haasch PALM HARBOR FL $80,000 Carsey Living Trust LOS ANGELES CA $75,000 COOPER GENERAL SERVICES DORAL FL $75,000 Berghoef, Susan O Attorney CHICAGO IL $75,000 Bergman, Matthew Bergman, Draper & Frockt VASHON WA $75,000 Fishman, Joy Retired NEW YORK NY $75,000 Freeman, William H Freeman Webb Co NASHVILLE TN $75,000 Jacobs, Irwin M Qualcomm Inc LA JOLLA CA $75,000 Kastanis, Laure M Philanthropist PORTOLA VALLEY CA $75,000 Lovelace, Robert W Capital Research & Management Co HERMOSA BEACH CA $75,000 Messinger, Alida Rockefeller Philanthropist AFTON MN $75,000 Nathan, Scott A Baupost Group BOSTON MA $75,000 Ogunlesi, Amelia T Physician NEW YORK NY $75,000 Reid, Benjamin E Carlton Fields MIAMI FL $75,000 Reid, Benjamin E Carlton Fields MIAMI FL $75,000 Schmidt, Barbara Schmidt Family Foundation BOCA RATON FL $75,000 Shaw, Christine Retired LAKE FOREST IL $75,000 Smith, Ryan Venture Capital SALT LAKE CITY UT $75,000 Stiefel, Barbara Retired CORAL GABLES FL $75,000 LEGACY INVESTMENTS DALLAS TX $70,000 Stafford, Earl Wardell Wentworth Group RESTON VA $70,000 Pratima N Shah Family Foundation CHICAGO IL $65,000 Geschke, Charles M Retired LOS ALTOS CA $65,000 Harris, Allen Berkshire Money Management PITTSFIELD MA $65,000 Antone, Duraid Biostructures LLC ALISO VIEJO CA $63,000 Zuberi, Imaad Avenue Ventures EL MONTE CA $62,500 Zuberi, Imaad Avenue Ventures EL MONTE CA $62,500 Zuberi, Imaad Avenue Ventures EL MONTE CA $62,500 Weiner, Mark S Financial Innovations Inc CRANSTON RI $60,300 Globetrotters Engineering Corp CHICAGO IL $60,000 Edison Electric Institute WASHINGTON DC $60,000 Gill, Timothy Gill Foundation DENVER CO $60,000 Romrymer, Beth Rom-Rymer & Assoc CHICAGO IL $60,000 Jacobs, Irwin M Qualcomm Inc LA JOLLA CA $57,500 Democratic Governors Assn WASHINGTON DC $55,000 Stafford, Earl Wardell Wentworth Group RESTON VA $55,000 Ravelo, Keila Hunton & Williams ENGLEWOOD NJ $53,000 Poet SIOUX FALLS SD $50,000 American Hospital Assn WASHINGTON DC $50,000 SERVICE EMPLOYEES INTERNATIONAL UNION WASHINGTON DC $50,000 AFLAC Inc COLUMBUS GA $50,000 Painters & Allied Trades Union HANOVER MD $50,000 Green Family Foundation COCONUT GROVE FL $50,000 Mundo Red IT LLC CHICAGO IL $50,000 Cheniere Energy HOUSTON TX $50,000 Henry Crown & Co CHICAGO IL $50,000 SHEET METAL WORKERS INTERNATIONAL WASHINGTON DC $50,000 Ali, Ahmed Self-Employed SUGAR LAND TX $50,000 Barot, Dilip Creative Choice Homes PALM BEACH GARDENS FL $50,000 Chandler, Kym GREEN BAY WI $50,000 Fernando, Rajiv K Chopper Trading CHICAGO IL $50,000 Fullerton, Elizabeth Richard & Elizabeth Fullerton Family GREENBRAE CA $50,000 Gilbert, Mark BOCA RATON FL $50,000 Gupta, Satish SB International DALLAS TX $50,000 Gupta, Yasmin SB International DALLAS TX $50,000 Hostovich, Teena Lockton Insurance LA CANADA CA $50,000 Hostovich, Teena Lockton Insurance LA CANADA CA $50,000 Livingston, Susan MARBLEHEAD MA $50,000 Livingston, Susan MARBLEHEAD MA $50,000 Manilow, Barbara G Henry Crown & Co CHICAGO IL $50,000 Posekany, Ruth WASHINGTON DC $50,000 Quimby, Roxanne Executive PALM BEACH FL $50,000 Ricketts, Laura M Ecotravel LLC CHICAGO IL $50,000 Rose, Adam R Rose Assoc CROSS RIVER NY $50,000 Rosenauer, David Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher NEW YORK NY $50,000 Rosenbaum, Greg Palisades Assoc BETHESDA MD $50,000 Rosenbaum, Greg Palisades Assoc BETHESDA MD $50,000 Shaw, Beth DE Shaw Research NEW YORK NY $50,000 Shaw, David E DE Shaw Research NEW YORK NY $50,000 Stylianos, Beata Mission Critical Technologies Inc LOS ANGELES CA $50,000 Taylor, Errol B Milbank, Tweed et al PRINCETON NJ $50,000 Verde, Juan Consultant WASHINGTON DC $50,000 Vital, Carlos Physician FRIENDSWOOD TX $50,000 <N> It may look like a giveaway to rich people who own their own private jets. But the aviation industry and legislators, including a liberal Democratic senator who helped inspire the provision, said it only reinforces the status quo. And the provision, part of the Senate Republicans tax plan under consideration this week, is expected by one tally to cost federal coffers $500,000 over 10 years, an infinitesimally small amount in congressional bookkeeping. The measure exempts private plane management fees from taxation, and relates to a 7.5 percent excise tax paid by commercial airlines on each seat they sell. Until several years ago, owners of private aircraft using planes for personal or business travel were free from this so-called ticket tax. They did, however, pay management companies to store and fuel their jets, hire crew, train pilots, schedule flights and comply with safety standards. <N> The IRS has decided to drop existing audits involving the assessment of commercial federal excise taxes (FET) on aircraft management activities, the National Air Transportation Association (NATA) said, lauding the move as a victory for aircraft management firms. The IRS has audited numerous aircraft management companies, but previously agreed to suspend the assessments while it developed guidance on the tax treatment of aircraft management issues. Recognizing that these tax audits have been ongoing for several years, often in a suspension status, the IRS confirmed to NATA that it is in the process of informing taxpayers that FET audits on the aircraft management fee issue will be closed in the interest of sound tax administration, the association said. NATA appreciates the IRSs recognition of the urgent need to provide tax relief to impacted companies. It is a significant step toward the ultimate resolution of the FET applicability issue, said NATA president Martin Hiller. A number of companies have already received the notification, NATA said, adding that others should receive written notification shortly. The association cautioned, though, that the notifications apply only to management fees, not other open audit matters. While the IRS is no longer pursuing past audits, the industry continues to work with Congress and the IRS on a permanent solution to the tax treatment of management fees. <N> 80 administered and enforced by the TTB, except the taxes on imported bottled distilled spirits, wine, and beer are collected by the Customs and Border Protection Bureau (the CBP) of the Department of Homeland Security (under delegation by the Secretary of the Treasury). Liability for the excise tax on beer also come into existence when the alcohol is produced but is not payable until the beer is removed from the brewery for consumption or sale. Generally, beer may be transferred between commonly owned breweries without payment of tax; however, tax liability follows these products. Imported bulk beer may be released from customs custody without payment of tax and transferred in bond to a brewery. Beer may be exported without payment of tax and may be withdrawn without payment of tax or free of tax from the production facility for certain authorized uses, including industrial uses and non-beverage uses. The rate of tax on beer is $18 per barrel (31 gallons). 215 Small brewers are subject to a reduced tax rate of $7 per barrel on the first 60,000 barrels of beer domestically produced and removed each year. 216 Small brewers are defined as brewers producing fewer than two million barrels of beer during a calendar year. The credit reduces the effective per-gallon tax rate from approximately 58 cents per gallon to approximately 22.6 cents per gallon for this beer. In the case of a controlled group, the two million barrel limitation for small brewers is applied to the controlled group, and the 60,000 barrels eligible for the reduced rate of tax, are apportioned among the brewers who are component members of such group. The term controlled group has the meaning assigned to it by sec. 1563(a), except that the phrase more than 50 percent is substituted for the phrase at least 80 percent in each place it appears in sec. 1563(a). Individuals may produce limited quantities of beer for personal or family use without payment of tax during each calendar year. The limit is 200 gallons per calendar year for households of two or more adults and 100 gallons per calendar year for single-adult households. Description of Proposal The proposal lowers the rate of tax on beer to $16 per barrel on the first six million barrels brewed by the brewer or imported by the importer. In general, in the case of a controlled group of brewers, the six million barrel limitation is applied and apportioned at the level of the controlled group. Beer brewed or imported in excess of the six million barrel limit would continue to be taxed at $18 per barrel. In the case of small brewers, such brewers would be taxed at a rate of $3.50 per barrel on the first 60,000 barrels domestically produced, and $16 per barrel on any further barrels produced. The same rules applicable to controlled groups under present law apply with respect to this limitation. For barrels of beer that have been brewed or produced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the reduced tax rate may be assigned by the brewer to any <N> SHARE THIS ARTICLE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email When the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots take their first road trip later this month, players like quarterback Tom Brady will be setting the standard for comfort and legroom on the teams new private widebody jet. Moreover, by simply changing from a commercial charter to their own private plane, the NFL franchise also will be skirting a significant portion of the taxes and fees that pay for the U.S. aviation system. Its not just sports teams. Operators of the gleaming private jets that have become a symbol of wealth and success pay far less in taxes than airline passengers and other commercial flyers, according to a Bloomberg News analysis and government reports. On a per flight basis, a private jet could generate as little as two percent of the taxes and fees paid by airline passengers on an identical route, Bloomberg found in its review. High-performance private planes make up about 10 percent of U.S. flights under air-traffic control, yet pay less than 1 percent into a trust fund that finances air-traffic control and other Federal Aviation Administration operations, an agency study found this year. "By and large, a private aircraft costs the same for the FAA to process as a large aircraft," said Michael Ball, senior associate dean at the University of Marylands Robert H. Smith School of business and co-director of an aviation research consortium. "If you look at it from that standpoint, they clearly arent paying their due. Unlike most of the rest of the world, which charges fees based on aircraft weight and distance flown, the taxes private jets in the U.S. pay are different from the ones imposed on airlines. Private aircraft operators pay 21.8 cents per gallon of jet fuel. By contrast, airlines and charter operators have three separate taxes: an excise tax of 7.5 percent on tickets or charter charges, a fee of $4.10 per passenger and 4.3 cents per gallon of jet fuel. The result is that airline passengers are subsidizing some of the worlds largest corporations and wealthiest people under the current system, said Matthew Gardner, a senior fellow at the nonprofit Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. "Pretty clearly, we all feel the pain every time we buy an airline ticket and see how big a share of the costs those fees are," Gardner said. Bloomberg calculated the difference between airline and private-jet taxes on 10 domestic routes, ranging from 2,500 to 340 miles on a variety of typical aircraft. While the taxes can vary significantly due to many factors, there were sharp disparities in all of the examples. On average, private flights generated only about 7 percent of comparable airline taxes in the examples. Read more: Can Airlines Really Do That? Bumping and the Law: QuickTake A transcontinental flight from New York to Los Angeles on a Virgin America Inc. Airbus SE A320, would be charged about $3,900 in taxes, assuming the plane was 85 percent full and passengers paid the average fare calculated by the Transportation Departments Bureau of Transportation Statistics. The tax bill for a flight between the same cities on a privately owned Bombardier Inc. Global 6000, one of the worlds longest range corporate jets, would be about $525. Thats about 87 percent less than the airline flight. A Bombardier Inc. Global 6000 business jet Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg The differences can be far greater if the private plane is a smaller model that burns less fuel. A trip from Nashville, Tennessee, to Philadelphia by Southwest Airlines Co., which typically uses a Boeing Co. 737-700 on that route, would typically be charged more than $2,000 in taxes. An Embraer SA Phenom 100E, a smaller and more fuel efficient corporate jet, on the same leg would be assessed about $50, or roughly 2 percent of the Southwest plane. An Embraer Phenom 100 jet Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg Groups representing private aircraft, known as general aviation, have vigorously fought attempts to alter the current tax system, calling it equitable. Three main trade groups have spent a combined $56 million on lobbying on this issue and others in the past decade, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Small-Plane Makers Get Smoother Path to Market Under Rule "I havent seen anything to suggest we are not paying a fair share," Ed Bolen, president and chief executive officer of the National Business Aviation Association, a Washington-based trade group representing more than 11,000 companies, said in an interview. Business aircraft are an important segment of aviation tying rural areas to the rest of the U.S., and that sector supports $200 billion in economic activity each year, Bolen said. They impose fewer costs on the system than airliners because they often fly to less congested airports, he said. The group believes many costly elements of the air-traffic system were put in place to accommodate air carriers at large hub airports, and operators of smaller aircraft shouldnt have to pay for them. Mark Baker, president and chief executive officer of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, which represents more than 300,000 private pilots, said the Bloomberg analysis was similar to the airline industrys "false criticisms of general aviation." "The fact is that from infrastructure to technology to labor, the airlines drive the costs and general aviation is a very small part of that," Baker said. The Latest: Airlines $10 Billion Swoon Keeps Wall Street on Edge The starkly different tax rates have been a long-simmering point of contention between airlines and their brethren in the corporate aviation world, and they help explain why the two groups have been at each others throats on a House proposal to move the air-traffic system out of the FAA and into a nonprofit corporation. In Canada, where air traffic is managed by such a corporation, private jets pay less than airliners, but at rates that are far more equitable than in the U.S. Such an arrangement would cost American private-plane operators hundreds of millions of dollars a year, according to FAA documents and a Bloomberg assessment of sample flights. Airlines have supported moving to such a private system, while private-aviation groups are adamant opponents. However, even critics of the tax rates concede the situation isnt likely to change anytime soon. The powerful lobby representing high-end private aircraft operators has successfully fought off several such attempts in recent decades. Aviation Taxes Any potential changes in the taxes on private aviation were effectively taken off the table this year by the powerful chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Pennsylvania Republican Bill Shuster. In order to mute opposition to his plan to create a nonprofit company to operate the air-traffic system, Shusters bill would keep the current tax levels for private planes. Shusters attempt to mollify private plane owners has had little effect as they continue to oppose his proposal. The bill has passed the committee and is awaiting a vote before the full House. The taxes on different aviation sectors fund the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, which helps pay for the FAA, air-traffic control and airport construction projects. Last year the trust fund contributed $14.3 billion toward the FAAs $16.3 billion budget, or 88 percent. Overall, high-performance business aircraft -- those powered by jets or turbo props -- accounted for about 10 percent of all flights overseen by FAA controllers last year and eight percent of miles flown, according to an agency estimate. Trust Fund The FAA estimated that these business planes contributed $104 million to the trust fund in 2016. That amounts to just 0.7 percent of the overall aviation taxes. That compares to 92 percent of the tax payments, or more than $13 billion, that came from U.S. carriers, foreign airlines and charter carriers -- most of which were paid directly by passengers. While the use of private aircraft has occasionally drawn criticism -- such as when Detroit automakers flew on separate company planes to Washington in 2008 to seek bailouts from Congress -- it has tended to be short-lived. Both George W. Bush and Barack Obama floated proposals to hike taxes or fees on private jets while they served as president. Both considered adding a per-flight fee for private flights and Obama in 2011 suggested changes in how private planes were depreciated on tax returns, which would have increased what owners paid. None of the plans came to fruition. The disparity in aviation tax payments hasnt changed much in decades, said George Donohue, a professor at George Mason University in Virginia who served as associate administrator of the FAA during the 1990s. Donohue studied the issue during his tenure at FAA and said the disparities were about the same as now. "I always found it amusing that people in the business jets are great capitalists, except when they get cross subsidies," he said. Fewer Charters The Patriots, fresh off their come-from-behind Super Bowl victory this year, decided to enter the world of private aviation as sports teams have found it increasingly difficult to charter large aircraft. An illustration of The Patriots 767. Source: The New England Patriots/Twitter Their purchase of two 767s, one a spare to ensure they wont miss a trip due to maintenance, illustrates how the tax rates can vary significantly for identical flights. Flying from the teams home base in Providence, Rhode Island, to the first road game Sept. 17 in New Orleans on one of the private 767s, the team would be charged an estimated $1,100 in fuel taxes. Thats higher than a typical private jet because the twin-aisle 767, designed for long-range international routes, burns more fuel. But its still far less than if the team made an identical flight on a chartered 767. The taxes on a charter would be more than three times higher, an estimated $4,700, based on published rates and Boeings estimate of fuel use. The teams private flight would also raise far less than a plane load of Patriots fans would pay taking an airline from Boston to New Orleans -- about $2,400 -- even though theyd be on a much smaller plane that burned significantly less fuel. Patriots spokesman Stacey James declined to comment. If the purpose of aviation taxes is to create an equitable way to pay for the air-traffic centers, computers and radars, the existing system is a failure, said Robert Frank, a professor at Cornell Universitys Johnson Graduate School of Management. It doesnt sound like this fee structure comes even close to imposing fees on the costs respective users impose on the system, Frank said. <N> NATA Commends Senate Finance Committee for Inclusion of Aircraft Management Services Legislation in Tax Overhaul Washington, DC, November 15, 2017  Today, the Senate Finance Committee released the modified chairman's mark for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, legislation to reform and simplify the nations tax code. The revised legislation now contains a provision , sought by NATA, clarifying that aircraft management services are not subject to air transportation taxes. The new section is based on bipartisan legislation (S.321) sponsored by Senators Rob Portman (R-OH) and Sherrod Brown (D-OH). Earlier this week, Senator Portman filed the legislation for consideration as an amendment. The provision responds to a March 2012 IRS Chief Counsel Advice Memorandum that concluded aircraft owners employing aircraft management services and allowing the use of the aircraft for occasional charter operations should apply the 7.5 percent Federal Excise Tax (FET) on amounts paid for those management services. That stance contradicted prior precedent and left many small businesses open to retroactive taxes, interest and fines. The following can be attributed to NATA President Martin H. Hiller: NATA deeply appreciates Chairman Hatchs inclusion of this common-sense provision in the landmark tax overhaul legislation. Tax reform legislation has a long way to go, but this is an important step and small aviation businesses are appreciative of the inclusion of this provision, which provides them the tax certainty they have long sought. We will continue to work with the committee on this issue as the legislation moves forward. Senator Portman has been a tireless advocate for aviation businesses and we thank him for his efforts on their behalf. NATA deeply appreciates Chairman Hatchs inclusion of this common-sense provision in the landmark tax overhaul legislation. Tax reform legislation has a long way to go, but this is an important step and small aviation businesses are appreciative of the inclusion of this provision, which provides them the tax certainty they have long sought. We will continue to work with the committee on this issue as the legislation moves forward. Senator Portman has been a tireless advocate for aviation businesses and we thank him for his efforts on their behalf. # # # The National Air Transportation Association (NATA) has been the voice of aviation business for over 75 years. Representing nearly 2,300 aviation businesses, NATAs member companies provide a broad range of services to general aviation, the airlines and the military and NATA serves as the public policy group representing the interests of aviation businesses before Congress and the federal agencies. For more information about NATA, please visit www.nata.aero www.twitter.com/nataaero or www.facebook.com/nataaero <N> Alex Wong via Getty Images "The tax code is no place to define what constitutes an unborn child. Whats next, giving a Social Security number to a zygote? says Rep. Diana DeGette (D-Colo.). Republicans slipped anti-abortion language into the draft of the tax reform bill they released on Thursday. The move is part of an effort by the Trump administration and House Republicans to define life as beginning at conception, with an eye to rolling back Roe v. Wade. Buried on page 93 of the 429-page tax proposal is a provision that would allow fetuses to be named as beneficiaries of college savings accounts known as 529 plans  investment vehicles that come with a range of tax breaks. Abortion rights advocates were quick to call out the language. This is a back-door attempt to establish personhood from the moment of conception, Rep. Diana DeGette (D-Colo.), co-chair of the Congressional Pro-Choice Caucus, said in a statement. The tax code is no place to define what constitutes an unborn child. Whats next, giving a Social Security number to a zygote? Ostensibly, the idea is that parents can get a leg up on saving for their kids education before he or she is even born. However, it takes care to define the terms unborn child and child in utero, in what appears to be a naked attempt to establish so-called personhood for fetuses, a popular anti-abortion tactic. Abortion foes believe that if fetuses were legally considered people, then abortion would have to be outlawed. State and federal legislation attempting to classify fertilized eggs, human embryos and fetuses as people has failed repeatedly over the years. The tax reform provision appears to be a sideways attempt at something similar. A child in the womb is just as human as you or I yet, until now, the U.S. tax code has failed to acknowledge the unborn child, Jeanne Mancini, president of the anti-abortion group March for Life, told Politico. Theres nothing in current law stopping parents from opening a 529 savings account before a child is born, explained Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, a personal finance site. A parent opens the account in his or her own name, and once the baby is born, changes the account beneficiary, he explained. McBride said he did this for one of his sons. I dont know how this makes it different, he said. McBride said at most, the tax reform provision would allow parents to skip the step of naming a new beneficiary. Taking a nonstop flight instead of changing planes, he said. Its unclear how the anti-abortion language got into the tax bill. Another anti-abortion group, however, thanked Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.) for his leadership on this important effort. The GOP tax reform plan is still in its early stages, and its unclear if the anti-abortion provision will survive. Two tax policy groups  one conservative, one progressive  declined to speak on the topic with HuffPost. Parents use the widely popular 529 accounts to sock away money for their kids education expenses. The accounts come with a few tax breaks: You pay no tax on interest earned. And, if you use the money for education expenses, you dont pay taxes when you withdraw the money, either. In some states, you also get a tax deduction for contributing money to a 529 account. So-called personhood language also made an appearance in a draft strategic plan for the Department of Health and Human Services released last month. In a note about the departments organizational structure, HHS said its mission was to protect Americans at every stage of life, beginning at conception. And earlier this week, the House held a hearing on a bill that would ban abortions after six weeks of pregnancy. The ban doesnt have a chance of passing, HuffPosts Laura Bassett reported on Tuesday. Its time to emancipate every little unborn baby, Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) said at the hearing. The draft tax bill also offers a tax break to another of the GOPs favorite kind of people: corporations. The proposal would reduce the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. Actual human children and adults fare less well. The proposal gets rid of an adoption tax credit and ends popular tax deductions on medical spending and student loan interest. Although, perhaps if fetuses can save for college, kids of the future will rack up less in school debt. <N> SHARE THIS ARTICLE Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Shortly before passing their tax bill, Senate Republicans removed a provision that would have allowed tax breaks for unborn children, a top GOP aide confirmed on Monday. The proposal on unborn children was not included in the measure that passed the Senate, said Julia Lawless, a spokeswoman for Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch. The provision -- which passed the House in its tax bill last month -- would have allowed parents to set up tax-advantaged accounts, known as 529s, to save for college expenses of an unborn child in utero. Anti-abortion advocates sought its inclusion, while abortion-rights leaders slammed the language, arguing that conferring a right in connection with fetuses creates a legal basis to chip away at abortion rights. Lawless said the language was deemed incompatible with the so-called Byrd Rule, which prohibits changes that arent directly related to taxes and spending under the process that Senate leaders are using to pass their tax bill. The final bill was released Friday evening and passed 51-49, with only Republican votes, a few minutes before 2 a.m. in Washington on Saturday. The provision was dropped from the final iteration of the legislative text released Friday before the vote, according to a Senate aide who asked not to be named because the staffer wasnt authorized to speak publicly. The fact the measure was found to have run afoul of Senate rules suggests it wont be included in the tax package that the House and Senate must settle on before a final bill -- should it pass both chambers again -- is sent to President Donald Trump for enactment. <N> Coordination with Pell grants and other scholarships. You may be able to increase your American opportunity credit when the student (you, your spouse, or your dependent) includes certain scholarships or fellowship grants in the student's gross income. Your credit may increase only if the amount of the student's qualified education expenses minus the total amount of scholarships and fellowship grants is less than $4,000. If this situation applies, consider including some or all of the scholarship or fellowship grant in the student's income in order to treat the included amount as paying nonqualified expenses instead of qualified education expenses. Nonqualified expenses are expenses such as room and board that aren't qualified education expenses such as tuition and related fees. Scholarships and fellowship grants that the student includes in income don't reduce the student's qualified education expenses available to figure your American opportunity credit. Thus, including enough scholarship or fellowship grant in the student's income to report up to $4,000 in qualified education expenses for your American opportunity credit may increase the credit by enough to increase your tax refund or reduce the amount of tax you owe even considering any increased tax liability from the additional income. However, the increase in tax liability as well as the loss of other tax credits may be greater than the additional American opportunity credit and may cause your tax refund to decrease or the amount of tax you owe to increase. Your specific circumstances will determine what amount, if any, of scholarship or fellowship grant to include in income to maximize your tax refund or minimize the amount of tax you owe. The scholarship or fellowship grant must be one that may qualify as a tax-free scholarship under the rules discussed in chapter 1. Also, the scholarship or fellowship grant must be one that may (by its terms) be used for nonqualified expenses. Finally, the amount of the scholarship or fellowship grant that is applied to nonqualified expenses can't exceed the amount of the student's actual nonqualified expenses that are paid in the tax year. This amount may differ from the student's living expenses estimated by the student's school in figuring the official cost of attendance under student aid rules. The fact that the educational institution applies the scholarship or fellowship grant to qualified education expenses, such as tuition and related fees, doesn't prevent the student from choosing to apply certain scholarships or fellowship grants to the students actual nonqualified expenses. By making this choice (that is, by including the part of the scholarship or fellowship grant applied to the students nonqualified expenses in income), the student may increase taxable income and may be required to file a tax return. But, this allows payments made in cash, by check, by credit or debit card, or with borrowed funds such as a student loan to be applied to qualified education expenses. Example 1No scholarship. Bill Pass, age 28 and unmarried, enrolled full-time in 2016 as a first-year student at a local college to earn a degree in law enforcement. This was his first year of postsecondary education. During 2016, he paid $5,600 for his qualified education expenses and $4,400 for his room and board for the fall 2016 semester. He and the college meet all the requirements for the American opportunity credit. Bill's adjusted gross income (AGI) and his MAGI, for purposes of figuring his credit, are $30,400. Bill claims the standard deduction of $6,300 and personal exemption of $4,050, resulting in taxable income of $20,050 and an income tax liability before credits of $2,548. Bill claims no credits other than the American opportunity credit. He figures his American opportunity credit based on qualified education expenses of $4,000, which results in a credit of $2,500 and a tax liability after credits of $48 ($2,548 - $2,500). Example 2Scholarship excluded from income. The facts are the same as in Example 1No scholarship , except that Bill was awarded a $5,600 scholarship. Under the terms of his scholarship, it may be used to pay any educational expenses, including room and board. If Bill excludes the scholarship from income, he will be deemed (for purposes of figuring his education credit) to have applied the scholarship to pay his tuition, required fees, and course materials. His adjusted qualified education expenses would be zero and he wouldn't have an education credit. Therefore, Bill's tax liability after credits would be $2,548. Example 3Scholarship partially included in income. The facts are the same as in Example 2Scholarship excluded from income . If, unlike Example 2 , Bill includes $4,000 of the scholarship in income, he will be deemed to have applied that amount to pay for room and board. The remaining $1,600 of the $5,600 scholarship would reduce his qualified education expenses and his adjusted qualified education expenses would be $4,000. Bill's AGI and MAGI would increase to $34,400, his taxable income would increase to $24,050, and his tax liability before credits would increase to $3,148. Based on his adjusted qualified education expenses of $4,000, Bill would be able to claim an American opportunity credit of $2,500 and his tax liability after credits would be $648. Example 4Scholarship applied by the postsecondary school to tuition. The facts are the same as in Example 3Scholarship partially included in income , except the $5,600 scholarship is paid directly to the local college. The fact that the local college applies the scholarship to Bill's tuition and related fees doesn't prevent Bill from including $4,000 of the scholarship in income. As in Example 3 , by doing so, he will be deemed to have applied $4,000 to pay for room and board. Bill would be able to claim the American opportunity credit of $2,500 and his tax liability after credits would be $648. <N> Michele Bratcher Goodwin Chancellors Professor of Law Expertise: Bioethics, constitutional law, family law, human rights, medical law, reproductive rights, torts Background: Professor Michele Goodwin is a Chancellors Professor at the University of California, Irvine with appointments at the School of Law; Program in Public Health; Department of Criminology, Law, & Society; Department of Gender and Sexuality Studies; and Stem Cell Research Center. She is the founder and director of the Center for Biotechnology and Global Health Policy at UC Irvine School of Law and its internationally acclaimed Reproductive Justice Initiative. Professor Goodwin serves on the National Board and Executive Committee of the American Civil Liberties Union and is an elected member of the American Law Institute and Fellow of the American Bar Foundation. She is one of the worlds leading authorities on the regulation of medicine, science, and biotechnology. Her scholarship defines new ways of thinking about the intersections of law, society, economics, and the human body. She is a prolific author. Her publications include five books and over 80 articles and book chapters on laws regulation of the human body, including civil and criminal regulation of pregnancy and reproduction, reproductive technologies, human trafficking (for organs, sex, and marriage), and tissue and organ transplantation. Her recent works appear in or are forthcoming in the Yale Law Journal, Harvard Law Review, California Law Review, Georgetown Law Review, Northwestern Law Review, Texas Law Review, and the Hastings Centers Report, among others. Her scholarship is cited by courts, legislators, and featured in news and periodicals. Professor Goodwins editorials and commentaries appear in the Los Angeles Times, New York Times, Forbes, Politico, Gene Watch, Christian Science Monitor, Houston Chronicle, Chicago Sun Times, Washington Post, AlterNet and Salon.com among others. She is a blogger for the Huffington Post and the Harvard Bill of Health and has been interviewed by local, national, and international news media. She is the recipient of awards recognizing excellence in scholarship, teaching, advocacy, and the promotion of human rights. Current Courses: Prior Courses: She is the founder of the Institute for Global Child Advocacy and former Everett Fraser Professor in Law at the University of Minnesota. She served as a Visiting Professor at the University of Chicago and as a Visiting Scholar at the University of California-Berkeley and Columbia University Law School. She is a highly sought after voice on civil liberties, reproductive justice and health, cultural politics, and human rights. Prior to law teaching, Professor Goodwin was a Gilder-Lehrman Post-Doctoral Fellow at Yale University. Biotechnology and The Law, Constitutional Law, Constitutional Torts, Genetic Property and the Law, Health Law, Health Regulations, Torts, Education Law, Mental Health Law, Women & The Rule of Law, Reproductive Justice Clinic <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. More Americans have died from gunshots in the last 50 years than in all of the wars in American history. Since 1968, more than 1.5 million Americans have died in gun-related incidents, according to data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. By comparison, approximately 1.2 million service members have been killed in every war in U.S. history, according to estimates from the Department of Veterans Affairs and iCasualties.org, a website that maintains an ongoing database of casualties from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Firearm related deaths vs U.S. war casualties. NBC News Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas  which left 59 dead and 530 others injured  is the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history. And such attacks are becoming more common. Related: Trump: Las Vegas Shooter 'Sick' and 'Demented Man' "What we've seen in Las Vegas is an uniquely American scene," former FBI agent Ali Soufan said on MSNBC. "The aftermath of such traumatic events have become an all too familiar scene in our society and in our politics, unfortunately." The June 2016 shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida, which killed 49 people, is now the second deadliest attack, followed by the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut, which killed 26 people, most of them children. Related: Silencers, armor-piercing bullets: Congress looks to roll back gun laws After the Sandy Hook shooting, a tearful President Barack Obama announced a series of executive actions aimed at curbing violence in America. The orders included a measure to overturn a 20-year-old amendment that prevented the CDC from conducting federally funded research into how gun violence affects Americans. But despite the elimination of the ban, the agency has remained hesitant to comprehensively research one of the most divisive issues in America. Many activists blame the influence that the NRA and other powerful pro-gun lobbies seem to have on some members of Congress, and the agency's fear that funding could be reduced or revoked. Related: The War in Afghanistan: By the Numbers As President Trump departed Tuesday for a visit to Puerto Rico, he ignored shouted questions on whether the Las Vegas shooting should prompt stricter gun control laws. But he did have harsh words for the suspected gunman, Stephen Paddock. "He's a sick man, a demented man, lot of problems, I guess," Trump said. "We're dealing with a very, very sick individual." <N> IDEAS Zcalo Public Square is a magazine of ideas from Arizona State University Knowledge Enterprise. In the summer of 1861, an American diplomat in Turin, Italy, looked out the window of the U.S. legation to see hundreds of young men forming a sprawling line. Some wore red shirts, emblematic of the Garibaldini who, during their campaign in southern Italy, were known for pointing one finger in the air and shouting lItalia Unit! (Italy United!). Now they wanted to volunteer to take up arms for lAmerica Unit! Meanwhile, immigrants already in the United States responded to the call to arms in extraordinary numbers. In 1860, about 13% of the U.S. population was born overseasroughly what it is today. One in every four members of the Union armed forces was an immigrant, some 543,000 of the more than 2 million Union soldiers by recent estimates. Another 18% had at least one foreign-born parent. Together, immigrants and the sons of immigrants made up about 43% of the U.S. armed forces. Americas foreign legions gave the North an incalculable advantage. It could never have won without them. And yet the role of immigrant soldiers has been ignored in the narrative of a brothers war fought on American soil, by American soldiers, over issues that were uniquely American in origin. In the 1860s, Confederate diplomats and supporters abroad were eager to inform Europeans that the North was actively recruiting their sons to serve as cannon fodder. In one pamphlet, Confederate envoy Edwin De Leon informed French readers that the Puritan North had built its army in large part of foreign mercenaries made up of the refuse of the old world. Embarrassed Northerners claimed the Confederacy exaggerated how many foreign recruits made up the U.S. armed forcespointing to immigrant bounty jumpers who enlisted to collect the money given to new recruits, deserted, and then re-enlisted. The underlying premise was that foreigners were not inspired by patriotic principle and, except for money, had no motive to fight and die for a nation not their own. It was not true. Immigrants tended to be young and male, but they enlisted above their quota. Many immigrants left jobs to fight for the Union, enlisting before the draftand the bountieswere even introduced. They volunteered, fought, and sacrificed far beyond what might be expected of strangers in a strange land. Historians have done an excellent job of retrieving the voices of native-born, English-speaking soldiers. But the voices of the foreign legions remain silentthanks to the paucity of records in the archives, the language barriers posed to historians, and, perhaps, a lingering bias that keeps foreigners out of our civil war. Why did they fight? What were they fighting for? Recruitment posters in the New York Historical Society provide hints at the answers. One poster reads: Patrioti Italiani! Honvedek! Amis de la libert! Deutsche Freiheits Kaempfer! (Italian patriots! Hungarians! Friends of liberty! German freedom fighters!) Then, in English, it urges 250 able-bodied men . . . Patriots of all nations to fight for their adopted country. One immigrant mother gave testimony in 1863 to an antislavery convention as to why her 17-year-old son was fighting for the Union. I am from Germany where my brothers all fought against the Government and tried to make us free, but were unsuccessful, she said. We foreigners know the preciousness of that great, noble gift a great deal better than you, because you never were in slavery, but we are born in it. Following the failed Revolution of 1848, thousands of young Germans fled to America. They took up arms in what they saw as yet another battle in the revolutionary struggle against the forces of aristocracy and slavery. It isnt a war where two powers fight to win a piece of land, one German enlistee wrote to his family. Instead its about freedom or slavery, and you can well imagine, dear mother, I support the cause of freedom with all my might. In another letter written to his family in Europe, a German soldier gave a pithy explanation of the war: I dont have the space or the time to explain all about the cause, only this much: the states that are rebelling are slave states, and they want slavery to be expanded, but the northern states are against this, and so it is civil war! So it was civil war, but for many foreign-born soldiers and citizens, this was much more than Americas war. It was an epic contest for the future of free labor against slavery, for equal opportunity against privilege and aristocracy, for freedom of thought and expression against oppressive government, and for democratic self-government against dynastic rule. Foreigners joined the war to wage the same battles that had been lost in the Old World. Theirs was the cause not only of America, but of all nations. Don H. Doyle is the author of The Cause of All Nations: An International History of the American Civil War. He is McCausland Professor of History at the University of South Carolina. Follow him on Facebook. He wrote this for What It Means to Be American, a national conversation hosted by the Smithsonian and Zcalo Public Square. <N> The data source for WISQARS Fatal Injury Data is the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) operated by the National Center for Health Statistics. WISQARS provides death counts and death rates for the United States and by state, county, age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, sex, leading cause of death, injury intent, and injury mechanism categories. WISQARS can be used to query death data for the years 1999 - 2016, of which the underlying cause of death is specified using ICD-10 codes. The National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) in an agreement with the National Association of Public Health Statistics and Information Systems (NAPHSIS) has implemented a new, more restrictive rule for reporting state- and county-level death data for years 2008 and later from NVSS in order to avoid inadvertent disclosure of a decedent's identity. Therefore, the Statistics, Programming and Economics Branch, Division of Analysis, Research, and Practice Integration, NCIPC has modified WISQARS to accommodate the new data suppression rule; i.e., no figure, including totals, should be less than 10 in tabulations for sub-national geographic areas, regardless of the number of years combined with the 2008 and later data. Tabulations, charts, and maps produced by WISQARS using only NVSS death data for years prior to 2008 are not affected by this new rule. Therefore, queries of state-level data for years 1999 through 2007 will remain unrestricted; queries of state-level data that include 2008 or later are restricted. As a WISQARS user, please read the following data use restrictions and click "I Agree." You will then be given access to this WISQARS module. Data Use Restrictions: The Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 242m(d)) provides that the data collected by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) may be used only for the purpose for which they were obtained; any effort to determine the identity of any decedent, or to use the information for any purpose other than for health statistical reporting and analysis, is against the law. Therefore users will: Use these data for health statistical reporting and analysis only. For sub-national geography, not present or publish death counts of 9 or fewer or death rates based on counts of nine or fewer (in figures, graphs, maps, tables, etc.). Make no attempt to learn the identity of any person or establishment included in these data. Make no disclosure or other use of the identity of any person or establishment discovered inadvertently and advise the NCHS Confidentiality Officer of any such discovery. Confidentiality Officer National Center for Health Statistics 3311 Toledo Road, Rm 7116 Hyattsville, MD 20782 Telephone 301-458-4257 Fax 301-458-4021 Sanctions for Violating Rules: Researchers who violate the terms of the data use restrictions will lose access to WISQARS and their sponsors and institutions will be notified. Researchers who are suspected of violating the rules may be prevented from using WISQARS until an investigation can be completed. Deliberately making a false statement in any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the Federal government violates 18 USC 1001 and is punishable by a fine of up to $10,000 or up to 5 years in prison, or both. <N> Who was who? The colonists living in the British North American colonies who rebelled against the authority of the crown were known as patriots, revolutionaries, continentals, colonials, rebels, Yankees, or Whigs. However, those who remained faithful to the Crown were known as loyalists, Royalists, Kings Men, or Tories. British authority and soldiers likewise acquired several monikers throughout the course of the war, and were synonymously referred to as the British, the Crown, Great Britain, lobster backs, and regulars. What were the populations of the two sides? Great Britain had 8 million residents in 1775, and the 13 rebellious colonies about 2.5 million (of which half a million were slaves). The largest cities in the colonies were Philadelphia, Pa, (43,000), New York, N.Y. (25,000), Boston, MA (16,000), Charleston, S.C. (12,000), and Newport, R.I. (11,000) The four largest American colonies were Virginia (447,016), Pennsylvania (240,057), Massachusetts (235,308), and Maryland (202,599). When was the Revolutionary War fought? Though preceded by years of unrest and periodic violence, the Revolutionary War began in earnest on April 19, 1775 with the battles of Lexington and Concord. The conflict lasted a total of seven years, with the major American victory at Yorktown, VA in 1781 marking the end of hostilities. The Treaty of Paris was signed two years later, in 1783, thus officially ending the conflict. What were some of the conflicts highlights? April 19, 1775  The Battles of Lexington and Concord, Ma. May 10, 1775  The Siege of Fort Ticonderoga, N.Y. June 6, 1775  The Battle of Bunker (Breeds) Hill, Ma. August 27, 1776  The Battle of Brooklyn, N.Y. December 26, 1776  The Battle of Trenton, N.J. January 3, 1777  The Battle of Princeton, N.J. September 11, 1777  The Battle of Brandywine, Pa. October 4, 1777  The Battle of Germantown, Pa. October 7, 1777  The Battle of Saratoga, N.Y. June 28, 1778  The Battle of Monmouth, N.J. December 29, 1778  The Capture of Savannah, Ga. March 29, 1780  The Siege of Charleston, S.C. August 8, 1780  The Battle of Camden, S.C. January 1, 1781  The Battle of Cowpens, S.C. October 10, 1781  The Battle of Yorktown, Va. Where were the battles fought? The majority of the war was fought in New York, New Jersey, and South Carolina, with more than 200 separate skirmishes and battles occurring in each of these three colonies. However, engagements were fought in every one of the original thirteen colonies, with additional military actions taking place in the modern-day states of Tennessee, Arkansas, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Alabama, and Florida. How much territory did the British control during the war? Though difficult to quantify with numbers and acreage, there can be little doubt that the British forces occupied geographically and geopolitically important areas throughout the course of the war. They held several important Canadian forts and cities in Nova Scotia, Ontario, New Brunswick; remaining in control of these areas even following the American Revolution. The British also controlled many key cities within the American colonies, with New York serving as its major base of operations for the duration of the war. They also temporarily possessed the cities of Boston and Philadelphia and held Savannah and Charleston until 1783 and 1782 respectively. While the British held several key urban centers, its important to understand that 90% of the colonial population lived in the rural countryside outside of British control and influence. So, in essence, the British were only able to maintain power in areas with a strong military presence, i.e. the colonial cities. How many soldiers served in the war? Over the course of the war, about 231,000 men served in the Continental Army, though never more than 48,000 at any one time, and never more than 13,000 at any one place. The sum of the Colonial militias numbered upwards of 145,000 men. France also dispatched a substantial force to North America beginning in 1779, with more than 12,000 soldiers and a substantial fleet joining the Colonial Americans by wars end. At its peak, the British Army had upwards of 22,000 men at its disposal in North America to combat the rebellion. An additional 25,000 Loyalists, faithful to Great Britain, participated in the conflict as well. Nearly 30,000 German auxiliaries, or Hessians, were hired out by German princes and served alongside the British for the duration of the war. How many were killed or wounded? Throughout the course of the war, an estimated 6,800 Americans were killed in action, 6,100 wounded, and upwards of 20,000 were taken prisoner. Historians believe that at least an additional 17,000 deaths were the result of disease, including about 8,00012,000 who died while prisoners of war. Unreliable imperial data places the total casualties for British regulars fighting in the Revolutionary War around 24,000 men. This total number includes battlefield deaths and injuries, deaths from disease, men taken prisoner, and those who remained missing. Approximately 1,200 Hessian soldiers were killed, 6,354 died of disease, and another 5,500 deserted and settled in America afterwards. What were the causes of the Revolution? Through aiding the American colonists during the French and Indian War, the British government amassed an enormous debt thanks to the cost of raising, supplying, and funding an army on foreign soil. Expecting the Americans to shoulder some of the financial burden, Parliament levied several acts of taxation as a means to soften the blow. The Sugar Act (1764), the Stamp Act (1765), and the Townshend Acts (1767) were merely some of the unpopular pieces of legislation placed upon the American colonies for the purpose of raising funds to pay the French and Indian War debt. Years of unrest and discord followed. The Americans maintained that Parliament could make laws, but insisted only their elected representatives could tax them. The English felt that Parliament had supreme authority over the colonies. The Americans formed Committees of Correspondence, and later, a Continental Congress, to find solutions, but could not find common ground with the English. When fighting broke out in 1775, American revolutionaries determined that separation was the only means of obtaining liberty and justice. The Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4th, 1776, formally dissolving the colonies' relationship with their mother country, and plunging the continent into war. What were the largest battles? In terms of numbers: 40,000 soldiers fought in the Battle of Long Island, making it the largest battle. 30,000 men fought at Brandywine, Pa., and 27,000 participated at Yorktown, Va. In terms of casualties, at Long Island the Americans lost 2,200 men, the British and Hessians about 350. Brandywine produced 1,500 American and 587 British and Hessian casualties. Some engagements involved large numbers of prisoners, such as Yorktown, in which the British surrendered over 8,000 soldiers. In Charleston, S.C., the British captured 5,000 continentals, but similarly suffered a major setback when 6,200 British surrendered at Saratoga, N.Y. Other battles had the highest percentages of men lost. At Cowpens, S.C. and nearby Kings Mountain, S.C., the British lost roughly 90 percent of their armies. In both of these battles most of the losses were prisoners. The crushing defeat of the Continental Army at the battle of Camden, S.C. stands out as the most costly battle of the war. Approximately 1,050 continental troops were killed and wounded, while the British suffered 314 casualties. Were there any sieges in the war? Yes, there were actually many sieges of cities, towns, and forts throughout the course of the war. The list below represents a sampling of the major sieges. American aggressor: Vincennes (In.), Ninety Six (S.C.), Yorktown (Va.), and Quebec (Canada) British aggressor: Savannah (Ga.), Newport (R.I.), Boston (Ma.) What other nationalities were involved? Battles of the American Revolution were fought by European combatants as far away as Gibraltar, as the painting above illustrates. The American Revolution was a truly global conflict, with battles being fought in North America, the Caribbean, and Europe. The British were aided by both loyal Native American tribes, and Hessian troops from various German principalities. The American patriots were aided by an even larger coalition of European Powers which included France, Spain, the United Netherlands, and officers of various European nations. Who were the Hessians? Because it was cheaper to hire auxiliary soldiers than muster their own, the British government hired professional German troops called Hessians. Hired out for service by their princes or nobles, more than 30,000 Hessian soldiers sailed for North America and fought on the side of the British. Though they wore their traditional uniforms, flew their own flags, and retained their officers, British generals ultimately commanded the individual Hessian units. Were there any battles overseas? There was, perhaps surprisingly, a substantial amount of fighting which occurred far from the North American soil. On March 3, 1776, the Continental Navy captured New Providence Island, in the Bahamas. American warships and privateers also raided British merchants and warships throughout the Atlantic, and even fought naval battles around the British Isles. Furthermore, thanks to the military alliance formed with France in 1778, and later joined by both Spain and the United Netherlands, land and sea battles were fought against Great Britain in the Caribbean, Europe, and as far away as India. The opening of this global conflict was vital to the colonists in North America. The British were forced to divert important resources and manpower away from the colonies, giving the Continental Army a fighting chance against them in their war for independence. What tactics defined combat in the Revolutionary War? Under normal circumstances, 18th century combat entailed that two armies march toward one another, shoulder to shoulder, and usually in ranks of about three men deep. When the opposing sides were within range, orders were given to halt, present arms, to fire, and then to reload. After several volleys, one side gained the upper hand, and they would begin to close the distance with the enemy, bayonets lowered. This typically culminated in a full out charge at close quarters; sabers, bayonets, and rifle butts were used to sweep the enemy from the field and claim victory. Though the tactics utilized during the Revolutionary War may seem rather archaic today, the unreliability of the smoothbore muskets, usually only accurate out to about 50 yards or so, necessitated close range and proximity to the enemy. As a result, discipline and shock were the hallmarks of this style of combat, with concentrated fire and bayonet charges deciding the outcome of a battle. How were the armies organized? The infantry regiment was the single most distinguishable unit throughout the course of the Revolutionary War. While brigades and divisions were used to group units into a larger cohesive army, regiments were far and away the primary fighting force of the Revolutionary War. During the 18th century, the British had one of the most disciplined and well-trained armies in the entire world. A British regiment of the Line consisted of exactly 811 men at the time of the units formation. It was led by a Colonel, and was staffed by 40 junior officers, 72 non-commissioned officers, 24 drummers, 2 fifers, and fielded by 672 privates. Each regiment was broken into 10 companies, eight of which were regular "center" companies, while the remaining two were "flank" companies: grenadier and light infantry. The light infantry and grenadier units were almost always placed at a regiments flanks during battle, and would often function independently throughout the course of a battle. Washington organized his 27,000 man army based upon British doctrine and precedents; therefore, his army was divided into 6 combat brigades consisting of about 2,400 men. Each brigade was comprised of about 5 or 6 regiments, with each regiment averaging around 470 men fit for service. A regiment was broken down further into 1 or 2 battalions which were then broken down into companies. Companies were comprised of 40 privates, 3 corporals, 1 ensign (2nd Lieutenant), 1 Lieutenant, and a Captain. It should be noted that for both the British and Continental Army, the size of a brigade, division, and army could vary greatly at any given time according to losses, detachments, etc. What did the armies wear? For the better part of three centuries the British army was personified by its bright red uniforms and bleached white breeches. Though specific units bore alternative trim colors ranging from green, yellow, black, and white, the vast majority of infantrymen were clad in the distinctive red coats, white breeches, gaiters, and black tricorn or fur hat. Grenadier, and light infantry units wore modified versions of the standard British uniform, with the Cavalry usually wearing green coats. The American patriots, whether serving in the regular army or with colonial militias, wore a virtual hodgepodge of uniforms prior to standardization. Beginning the war donning brown uniforms, George Washington then settled on navy blue jackets accompanied with white breeches, and tricorn hats for his army. Additionally, regiments from different regions possessed uniforms with either blue, white, red, or buff facings and trim. What were a soldiers rations? Under normal circumstances, the Continental soldiers were supposed to receive the following daily ration: 1  pounds of flour or bread 1 pound of beef or fish OR  pounds of pork 1 gill of whiskey The British were also to receive a similar daily ration under normal circumstances: 1  Pounds flour or Bread 1 pound of beef or a  pound of pork  pint of canned Peas or 1 ounce of rice 1 ounce of butter 1  gills of Rum Rations could be highly irregular in terms of their size and composition for both armies, and often depended upon the weather, road conditions, and the season. What kind of artillery was used? Common types of field artillery were 3, 6, and 18-pounder guns, named for the weight of shot that the guns fired. Larger cannons and mortars  which lobbed large caliber projectiles in high arcs onto their targets  were often used in sieges given their destructive capabilities. Howitzers, with shorter barrels and larger calibers compared to cannons, were also utilized by both sides. While both the British and the American forces fielded a plethora of cannons, howitzers, and mortars, they largely played a supporting role on the battlefield, and rarely carried the same amount of destructive power as artillery of the Civil War era. What role did cavalry play? The use of cavalry varied by region, but, on the whole, cavalry forces were small and used for scouting, hit and run raids, or to support units in battle. Cavalrymen carried an array of weapons, including several pistols, a saber, and carbine musket. Unique to the cavalry, troopers often wore leather helmets and modified uniforms conducive to mounted warfare. Both sides also used Legions, which consisted of infantry and cavalry combined into a single unit. Legions could move quickly and were quite versatile. Examples include the American Henry Light Horse Harry Lees Legion and Tarletons Raiders under the command of the British Lieutenant Colonel Banastre Tarleton. What role did navies play? When the Revolution started, the Royal Navy had 270 ships at its disposal. That number swelled to 478 by the conflicts end. The Royal Navy gave the British the immense advantage of being able to move and supply troops at will almost anywhere in North America and the world. The Continental Navy started out small in 1775 with only a handful of ships patrolling the waters of the North American shore line. However, thanks to ships on loan from France and new vessels constructed in the colonies, the Continental Navy peaked in numbers in 1777 with 31 vessels to its name. Though the Continental Navy could hardly defeat the mighty British Navy outright, they interrupted British commerce on the high seas, won victories against superior ships, and even made successful raids around the British Isles. Supplementing the Continental Navy was a fleet of privately owned and operated vessels officered by men known as Privateers. Privateers held contracts passed on by the Continental Congress and were instructed to wreak havoc on British warships and shipping wherever they could. Privateers were the most successful American warships of the war, capturing more than 300 British vessels. What role did African Americans and Native Americans play? Early in the war, many free blacks volunteered for service with the Continental Army, but were rejected. Americans harbored long-standing fears of slave insurrection. Later in the war, when voluntary enlistments were low, various states offered freedom to slaves who fought. About 7,000 African Americans served on the Continental side. From the start, the British courted slaves by offering them freedom, although it was never an official government policy, but rather done by local commanders on their own. About 20,000 African Americans served with the British, knowing their status might not change if Americans won. In 1763, the British issued a proclamation banning American colonists from moving westward onto Native American lands. For this reason, coupled with several other economic and political factors, many Native Americans, including 4 of the 6 tribes of the powerful Iroquois Confederacy, sided with the British at the outbreak of the war. Yet some several tribes sided with Colonials, including the two remaining tribes of the Iroquois Confederacy, the Oneidas and the Tuscaroras. In places like upstate New York, western Pennsylvania, and the Carolina frontier, warfare was particularly brutal and involved many Indian groups. The fate of many Native American tribes following the American Revolution was a tragic one. Members of the Iroquois Confederacy, along with many other Native Americans, were ravaged by the conflict, weakened significantly due to infighting, disease, and were completely left out of the Treaty of Paris signed in 1783. Treaties made with the British prior to the war were ignored by the Americans, and years of bloody conflict and expansion all but destroyed the Eastern Tribes. Was Valley Forge a turning point? Though shrouded in myth, Valley Forge was indeed a turning point of sorts for the Continental Army under Washington. Though the winter of 1777-78 at Valley Forge was nowhere near as severe as the one soldiers suffered through in Morristown, N.J. in 1780, the Valley Forge men nevertheless suffered harsh conditions and periodic food shortages. Despite their agony, the men at Valley Forge were transformed from a rag-tag group of undisciplined and largely ineffective soldiers, to a trained and orderly army, capable of winning victories over the British. The rapid improvement seen at Valley Forge can be largely credited to the Prussian officer turned American patriot, Baron von Steuben. Steubens efforts not only improved training, but standardized the drill manual used by American troops and gave them a sense of pride and honor. By the spring, confidence and morale had improved dramatically and Washington led a superior army out of Valley Forge ready to face the British anew. What role did spies play? Spies were used extensively by both sides throughout the course of the war. Men and women risked their lives to gather intelligence and pass information. Nathan Hale, captured and hanged by the British, is one of the most famous American spies. British officer John Andre worked with Benedict Arnold and was caught by the Americans and hanged. Many women worked as spies, using their freedom of movement to gather information and pass through the lines. They include Ann Bates of Philadelphia and Emily Geiger of South Carolina. What is the preservation status of the Revolutionary Wars battlefields and sites? While some of the larger battle sites and camp sites are preserved as either national or state parks, a surprising number are not, or are only partially preserved. There is still great potential to save key areas at many engagement sites. Learn how to Take Action to save Revolutionary War battlefields and ways to get involved. <N> The War of 1812 is one of the least studied wars in American history. This page offers answers to frequently asked questions about this formative and dramatic conflict. How long did the War of 1812 last? The War of 1812 lasted from June 1812-February 1815, a span of two years and eight months. Peace negotiations began in late 1814, but slow communication across the Atlantic (and indeed across the United States) prolonged the war and also led to numerous tactical errors for both sides. Where was the War of 1812 fought? The War of 1812 was fought in many places in the United States, Canada, and on the high seas. Many battles were fought against British, Canadian, and Native American opponents in Michigan and New York and in the Canadian (then still under British rule) provinces of Ontario and Quebec. Throughout the war, American forces also faced Native American foes in the territories of Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi. In the wars final stages, British regulars attempted a seaborne invasion of the Gulf Coast, leading to combat in Louisiana. The British enforced a blockade of American ports, particularly in the South, along the Atlantic seaboard. Naval engagements flared, especially around the Chesapeake Bay, as this blockade was challenged. Additionally, since the war had a distinct commercial character, pirate-style raids were carried out against trade ships throughout the Atlantic. The Great Lakes Erie and Ontario played a major role in the War of 1812. Sitting amidst the main theater of operations in the North, they shaped the movements of the contending armies. Large ships were built and put on the Lakes, where they engaged in full-scale battles for supremacy in order to move troops and bombard rival towns. Why was the War of 1812 fought? The War of 1812 was part of a larger, global conflict. The empires of England and France spent 1789-1815 locked in an almost constant war for global superiority. That war stretched from Europe to North Africa and to Asia and, when the Americans declared war on England, the war engulfed North America as well. The United States had a variety of grievances against Britain. Many felt that the British had not yet come to respect the United States as a legitimate country. The British were impressing, or forcibly drafting, American sailors at sea as well as blocking American trade with Franceboth of these were also spillover policies from the British prosecution of the war with France. The British were also unsubtly supporting Native American groups that preyed on American settlers along the frontier. Who won the War of 1812? The peace terms that ended the war were those of status quo ante bellum, the state of things as they were before the war. So, while the War of 1812 was legally a tiea washin terms of territorial acquisitions, historians now look at its long term effects to judge who won. The Americans declared war (for the first time in their nations history) to stop British impressment, reopen the trade lanes with France, remove British support from Native American tribes, and to secure their territorial honor and integrity in the face of their old rulers. All four of these goals were achieved by the time peace broke out, although some British measures were scheduled to be repealed before the war had even begun. By establishing a respected footing with Britain and Canada, the United States also experienced a commercial boom in the years after the war. The overall result of the war was probably positive for the nation as a whole. The British gained little to nothing from the war, save for an honorable friendship with the United States. Valuable resources were diverted from the battlefields of Europe for the War of 1812, which brought no land or treasure to the crown. The British also lost their Native American lodgment against United States expansion, further unleashing the growth of a major global trade competitor. However, the British did ultimately defeat France in their long war while avoiding a fiasco in North America, which is a considerable victory in the context of the global conflict they waged. Many Native American tribes fought against the United States in the Northwest, united as a Confederacy led by a Shawnee man named Tecumseh. Many of these tribes had allied with the British during the Revolutionary War as well. The Creek tribe in the Southwest battled settlers and soldiers throughout the War of 1812, eventually allying with a column of British regulars. In reaching peace through status quo antebellum, however, the Native Americans all lost their main request of a recognized nation in North America. British support also evaporated in the years after the war, further quickening the loss of Native lands. Who was the American President during the War of 1812? James Madison, the Father of the Constitution, was the president throughout the war. When the nation was first founded, Madison was closely allied with Thomas Jefferson in seeking a decentralized agrarian democracy. As time wore on, however, the man changed. Throughout the War of 1812, he struggled to motivate northeastern states to contribute men and money to the war effort. By the time the war was over, Madison was a proponent of centralized power and a strong manufacturing economy. What kinds of weapons were used in the War of 1812? The most widely used weapon in the War of 1862 was the smoothbore musket, which was carried by most of the infantrymen in the field. These had an effective battlefield range of 50-100 yards, necessitating close assaults and bayonet tactics be employed. There were also some units equipped with rifles, which were used primarily as light or specialized infantry. Cannons were smoothbore as well, though they could shoot roughly 400 yards accurately. They were used with deadly, decisive effect on the battlefield. Cavalrymen generally carried pistols and sabers and were used to outmaneuver or charge enemy formations. Were there any significant technological advancements during the War of 1812? The War of 1812 was fought in the midst of the Industrial Revolution, in which a variety of technological advancements came together to forever change the way humans lived and worked. Steamships and steam-powered railroad engines came into profitable use for the first time during the war years. While they had little effect on the North American conflict, these steam machines would become the technological standard in the decades to come. Machines made with interchangeable parts became more common during the War of 1812, although the practice was not yet applied to military manufacturing. For the common soldier, the most significant advancement may well have been improved food storage through airtight packaging. What were the political effects of the War of 1812? Internationally, the war helped codify a fair standing between the United States, Britain, and Canada. This led to an era of mutually beneficial trade and diplomatic partnership. Domestically, the war exacerbated tensions between northern industrialists and southern planters. Industrialists were reluctant to go to war with Britain, which was then the worldwide model of the Industrial Revolution. Southerners, on the other hand, were quick to remember the French assistance that had helped win the southern campaigns of the American Revolution as well as the ideological similarities between the two revolutionary nations. The American public generally viewed the outcome of the war favorably, causing the anti-war Federalist Party to fade from national prominence. What were the economic effects of the War of 1812? In the early years of the 19th century, the United States was a rapidly expanding commercial power. Many historians cite this growth as a key factor in Britains desire to contain American expansion. The war helped to secure Americas unfettered access to the sea, which played a large role in a post-war economic boom. The prosecution of the war cost the United States government 105 million dollars, which equates to roughly 1.5 billion dollars in 2014. The strain of raising this money drove legislators to charter the Second National Bank, taking another step towards centralization. How many people fought in the War of 1812? Only 7,000 men served in the United States military when the war broke out. By the end of the war, more than 35,000 American regulars and 458,000 militiathough many of these were only mustered in for local defensewere serving on land and sea. The global British regular military comprised 243,885 soldiers in 1812. By wars end, more than 58,000 regulars, 4,000 militia, and 10,000 Native Americans would join the battle for North America. How many people died in the War of 1812? Roughly 15,000 Americans died as a result of the War of 1812. Roughly 8,600 British and Canadian soldiers died from battle or disease. The losses among Native American tribes are not known. Who were some of the important military figures of the War of 1812? On the American side: Oliver Hazard Perry was a young naval officer who won the Battle of Lake Erie, capturing an entire British naval squadron and permitting the liberation of Detroit. Jacob Brown was an infantry officer who built up an impressive service record in the war, culminating in the successful defense of Fort Erie despite a seven-week siege. He was later promoted to Commander General of the U.S. Army. William Henry Harrison was responsible for the military destruction of Tecumsehs Confederacy, a dangerous Native American concentration in the northwest. He was later elected President of the United States. William Hull coordinated the first invasion of Canada. Within weeks, however, he surrendered Detroit and his army to a smaller British force without firing a shot. Andrew Jackson defeated Native American opposition in the southeast, adding 23 million acres to the United States, and won a stirring victory against British regulars at the Battle of New Orleans. He was later elected President of the United States. Winfield Scott was a brave fighter who also implemented a training system that greatly improved the battlefield performance of the American army. He would later conceive of the Anaconda Plan that shaped Northern strategy in the Civil War. On the British side: Isaac Brock was a popular imperial administrator in Canada for many years before the war. He became a hero posthumously for his heroic but fatal defense of Queenston Heights. Robert Ross led the veteran expeditionary force that burned Washington, D.C. He was killed outside of Baltimore at the Battle of North Point. James Fitzgibbon practiced guerrilla warfare, using deception, local intelligence, and guts to halt an American invasion of Canada at the Battle of Beaver Dams. Edward Pakenham was a respected Napoleonic War veteran who led the British column that attacked the Gulf Coast. He was killed at the Battle of New Orleans. On the Native American side: Tecumseh was a Shawnee leader who organized Tecumsehs Confederacy, a resistance group allied with the British in the northwest. He was killed at the Battle of the Thames and his Confederacy fell apart. Black Hawk was a Sauk chief who fought against American frontiersmen. After the War of 1812, Black Hawk organized a new confederacy, leading to the Black Hawk War of 1832. On the Canadian side: Gordon Drummond was a Canadian-born officer in the British Army. He played an important role in the Battle of Lundys Lane and the subsequent siege of Fort Erie, later becoming a major politician in Lower Canada. Robert Livingston was a military courier who had, over the course of his life, been half-blinded by a tomahawk, speared more than twice, and shot in the thigh. He helped lift the siege of Fort Mackinac by smuggling in fresh supplies using camouflaged boats. Richard Pierpont was a former slave who won freedom by fighting for the British in the Revolutionary War. He organized The Coloured Corps, made up primarily of slaves who had escaped to Canada, which fought at the Battles of Queenston Heights and Fort George. What were the major battles of the War of 1812? The War of 1812 was shaped by battles on land and sea. Some notable American victories include: The capture of the HMS Java, HMS Guerriere, and HMS Macedonian (August-December 1812)  The new US frigates Constitution and United States started the war with a bang, performing well in a series of Atlantic engagements that boosted American morale after a disappointing beginning on land. The Battle of York (April 27, 1813)  American forces burned York, the capital of Upper Canada, after winning a hard-fought land battle. The Battle of Lake Erie (September 10, 1813)  Oliver Hazard Perry won fame for his heroic deeds in this victory, which secured Lake Erie for the rest of the war and paved the way for the liberation of Detroit. The Battle of the Thames, Ontario (October 5, 1813)  William Henry Harrison crushed a combined force of British and Native Americans in this battle, killing the Shawnee leader Tecumseh and thus removing the most dangerous threat to American settlers in the northwest. The Battle of Horseshoe Bend (March 27, 1814)  Andrew Jackson defeated the Red Stick Creeks and then forced the tribe to cede their claim to 23 million acres of what is now Alabama and Georgia. The Battle of Plattsburgh (September 11, 1814)  The British launched a poorly coordinated joint operation against the shipyard at Plattsburgh, but were decisively repulsed in one of the wars largest naval engagements. The Battle of North Point and the Defense of Fort McHenry (September 12-13, 1814)  After burning Washington, D.C., British forces advanced on Baltimore. Stubborn resistance at North Point and Fort McHenry saved the city, compelled the British to suspend their campaign, and inspired the American national anthem. The Battle of New Orleans (January 8, 1815)  Andrew Jackson inflicted 2,000 casualties on attacking British troops while suffering only 71 in return. The battle became a touchstone of American pride. Notable British-Canadian victories include: The capture of Detroit (August 16, 1812)  Only weeks after the war began, American General William Hull surrendered Detroit, along with a sizable army, without resistance to a smaller British force. The Battle of Bladensburg (August 24, 1814)  British regulars routed Maryland militia in this battle, opening the road to Washington, D.C., which they burned. The Battle of Queenston Heights (October 13, 1812)  In a dramatic battle, British and Canadian troops turned back an American incursion into Canada. British General Isaac Brock was killed. The Battles of Stoney Creek and Beaver Dams (June 6-24, 1813)  Another invasion of Canada was repulsed in these battles. The Battle of Lundys Lane (July 25, 1814)  In one of the bloodiest battles of the war, one marked by extensive hand-to-hand fighting, the Americans were forced out of Canada for good. How advanced was medicine during the War of 1812? Disease was the primary cause of death during the War of 1812, not battlefield wounds. When men were wounded, they had little to look forward to in the hospital. Although sanitation was recognized as being medically important, advancements such as anesthesia and ambulatory care were still decades away. A British surgeon (who, along with one assistant, would generally be responsible for 1,000 men) remembered this: There is hardly on the face of the earth a less enviable situation than that of an Army Surgeon after a battle  worn out and fatigued in body and mind, surrounded by suffering, pain, and misery, much of which he knows it is not in his power to heal. I never underwent such fatigue as I did the first week at Butler's Barracks. The weather was intensely hot, the flies in myriads, and lighting on the wounds, deposited their eggs, so that maggots were bred in a few hours.  Tiger Dunlop, 89th Regiment of Foot What roles did African-Americans play in the War of 1812? African Americans were not officially allowed to join the U.S. Army during the War of 1812, although they served extensively in the U.S. Navy. Approximately one-quarter of the U.S. sailors at the Battle of Lake Erie were African American. Roughly 350 men of the Battalion of Free Men of Color fought at the Battle of New Orleans. A company of mostly escaped slaves served with the British in Canada, participating in the Battle of Queenston Heights and the Siege of Fort Erie. During the Royal Navys blockade of the Atlantic seaboard, roughly 4,000 slaves escaped onto British ships, where they were welcomed and freed. Many of them joined the British military, participating in the Battle of Bladensburg and the burning of Washington, D.C. What are some of the best sources of information on the War of 1812? The Smithsonian National Museum of American History is a treasure trove of information and artifacts, including the original Star-Spangled Banner. Are War of 1812 battlefields preserved? Many battlefields from the War of 1812 are preserved in part or in full, but many are not. The United States federal government compiled a study in 2007 that identified development threats to many battlefields and described more than half as already being "destroyed or fragmented." See the ways you can Take Action to preserve these battlefields. <N> Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded. Even as Civil War history has gone through several cycles of revision, one thing has remained fixed: the number of dead. Since about 1900, historians and the general public have assumed that 618,222 men died on both sides. That number is probably a significant undercount, however. New estimates, based on Census data, indicate that the death toll was approximately 750,000, and may have been as high as 850,000. The notion that weve drastically undercounted the Civil War dead is not a new idea: in fact, Francis Amasa Walker, superintendent of the 1870 Census, estimated that the number of male deaths was not less than 850,000. So how did the lower number come to be the accepted count  and why does it matter that it was wrong? Efforts to identify, rebury and count the dead began as soon as the war ended. A precise count proved impossible, however: both armies lacked systematic procedures to identify the dead, wounded and missing in action, as well as an official means to notify relatives of a soldiers death. Men went missing; battle, hospital and prison reports were incomplete and inaccurate; dead men were buried unidentified; and family members were forced to infer the fate of a loved one from his failure to return home after the war. United States Census Bureau History Staff Instead, postwar counts of the Union dead drew from regimental muster-out rolls and battle reports. An 1866 report compiled under the direction of Provost Marshal General James B. Fry estimated that 279,689 men in the Union forces died in the war. The estimated death toll increased to 360,222 by the late 19th century, partly as a result of widows and orphans bringing forward information when applying for pensions and survivors benefits. But a direct count of the Confederate dead proved impossible. The destruction of the Confederate army and many of its records limited investigators to partial counts. The Fry report documented just 133,821 Confederate deaths from incomplete returns. That number didnt change much: since Confederate widows and orphans were ineligible for federal benefits, the estimate was never supplemented with information from survivors. Francis Amasa Walkers interest in estimating the number of war-related deaths was a result of the 1870 Census returns. The final Census count put the population at 38,558,371, up just 22.6 percent from the count in 1860. All previous 19th-century censuses had documented decennial growth rates between 32.7 percent and 36.4 percent, a near-constant rate of increase that 19th-century Americans had come to expect and celebrate as a measure of the nations strength, progress and future prosperity. The 31-year-old superintendent was understandably defensive. City boosters in Philadelphia and New York had charged the 1870 enumeration with excessive coverage errors, and President Grant had taken the unusual step of ordering a recount of those cities. Although the second counts failed to turn up many additional residents, the Census remained suspect. After all, if past growth patterns had continued, the population should have been 41.5 million. Had the Census somehow missed 3 million people? Walker acknowledged that the 1870 census was far from perfect, but he refused to concede that it was more deficient in its coverage of the population than preceding censuses. Instead, he reasoned, the war was to blame. The disappointing growth rate, he countered, was the result of the notorious and palpable effects of the war, which hampered the growth of the black population, checked immigration, limited marriages and births and led to the direct loss of close to a million men. Although the Surgeon Generals Office had at that point documented 304,000 Union deaths, Walker noted that the number was based only on those men who died during their terms of service. About a third of the 285,000 men discharged for disabilities and many of the remaining 2 million men who survived the war, he argued, subsequently died as a result of diseases and wounds contracted while in the Army. Tens of thousands were discharged to die; tens of thousands died within the first few months after discharge, he wrote. Tens of thousands more lingered through the first or second year. Together with the losses calculated by the Surgeon Generals Office, Walker concluded that 500,000 will surely be a moderate estimate for the direct losses among the Union armies. Walkers estimate of Confederate losses was necessarily rougher. He started with a guess at the number of men participating  about half of the aggregate number participating on the Union side  and his assumption that Confederate soldiers longer average terms of service and relative lack of nourishing food, medicine and skilled physicians resulted in a greater risk of death. Without attempting to deal at all nicely with this subject, he argued, it is difficult to see how anyone could, upon reflection, place the losses of the confederate armies at less than 350,000 men. Unfortunately, Walker did not pursue the line of inquiry further. After his reappointment as superintendent for the 1880 Census, he had to explain the overly rapid growth of the Souths population between 1870 and 1880 and defend the Census from charges of fraud in the form of over-counting. After a field investigation by the Census geographer Henry Gannett failed to turn up any evidence of fraud, suspicion returned to the 1870 census. Gannett charged that many of the 1870 enumerators were appointed for their Republican political connections, not for their local knowledge or ability to conduct a census. The inevitable result, he concluded, was a large undercount. This time Walker agreed. Having been successful in pushing through many costly reforms for the 1880 census, one of which was to shift enumeration responsibilities from federal marshals answerable to the Justice Department to a much larger field force selected for their qualifications and answerable to the Census Office, Walker must have felt some measure of justification from Gannetts report. But with the census discredited  a crude calculation by the 1890 census office subsequently indicated that the 1870 Census had undercounted the Souths population by 1,260,078 (10 percent of the regions and 3 percent of the nations population)  the opportunity for a more comprehensive examination of the wars human cost was lost to the political winds. The estimate of 360,222 Union deaths stood. The count of Confederate dead was, however, heavily debated. William F. Fox, a private citizen and Union army veteran whose 1889 book on regimental losses remains a classic reference work for Civil War historians, relied on battle reports and unofficial estimates to obtain a total of 94,000 Confederate battle deaths. He complained, however, that records were incomplete, especially during the last year of the war, and that battlefield reports likely under-counted deaths (many men counted as wounded in battlefield reports subsequently died of their wounds). In 1900 Thomas L. Livermore, who, like Fox, was a private citizen and Union army veteran, put the number of Confederate non-combat deaths at 164,000, using the official estimate of Union deaths from disease and accidents and a comparison of Union and Confederate enlistment records. Related Disunion Highlights Explore multimedia from the series and navigate through past posts, as well as photos and articles from the Times archive. See the Highlights  Livermores estimate assumed Union and Confederate troops suffered an equal risk of death from disease, a conservative assumption that Walker had explicitly rejected. Despite acknowledging that his estimate of disease mortality likely undercounted Confederate deaths and his concern that Foxs estimate of battle deaths could be accepted only as a minimum, Livermore combined the two estimates to arrive at a total of 258,000 Confederate deaths, a total that remains unrevised more than a century later. So why should we now doubt that number? For one thing, Fry, Walker, Fox, Livermore and other early investigators were limited by the quality of the data available. Using new quantitative sources, we can now make a more comprehensive and accurate estimate of war-related deaths. With one exception, microfilm copies of the original manuscript returns have been preserved for all censuses since 1850 (the 1890 Census manuscripts were lost in a fire). Census microdata samples created from these returns at the Minnesota Population Center make it possible to estimate undercounts by age and sex in censuses back to 1850 and to construct a Census-based estimate of male deaths caused by the war. Census undercounts are estimated using multiple censuses and a demographic method known as back projection. The results confirm that, indeed, the 1870 Census was the most poorly enumerated. It was not nearly as bad as Walker feared and as 1890 census officials charged, however: the net undercount was 6.5 percent in 1870, compared to 6.0 percent in 1850, 5.5 percent in 1860, and 3.6 percent in 1880. War-related losses are estimated by comparing sex differences in mortality during the 1860s with sex differences in mortality in the 1850s and 1870s. The results indicate that the war was responsible for the deaths of about 750,000 men (using less conservative assumptions, the total may have been as high as 850,000). Although that estimate is 100,000 fewer than the 850,000 deaths suggested by Walker, it is closer to his guess than it is to traditional estimate of 618,222 deaths, which has been cited uncritically for too long. If the Census-based estimate is correct, the traditional estimate is about 20 percent too low. Although there are limitations to using Census data to estimate of Civil War mortality  civilian deaths are too few to be measured accurately, and deaths cannot be reliably divided into Union or Confederate subtotals  the method provides a more complete assessment of the wars human cost. In addition to the men who died during their terms of service, the Census-based estimate of male mortality includes men who died between the date of their discharge and the 1870 Census from diseases and wounds contracted during the war, as well as non-enlisted men who died in guerilla warfare and other war-related violence. It excludes, however, men dying from war-related causes who would have died under the normal mortality conditions of the late 19th century. This final group, included in all direct counts of the Civil War dead, represents about 80,000 men. So what? Above a certain count, do the numbers even matter? Well, yes. The difference between the two estimates is large enough to change the way we look at the war. The new estimate suggests that more men died as a result of the Civil War than from all other American wars combined. Approximately 1 in 10 white men of military age in 1860 died from the conflict, a substantial increase from the 1 in 13 implied by the traditional estimate. The death toll is also one of our most important measures of the wars social and economic costs. A higher death toll, for example, implies that more women were widowed and more children were orphaned as a result of the war than has long been suspected. In other words, the war touched more lives and communities more deeply than we thought, and thus shaped the course of the ensuing decades of American history in ways we have not yet fully grasped. True, the war was terrible in either case. But just how terrible, and just how extensive its consequences, can only be known when we have a better count of the Civil War dead. Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook. Sources: Drew Gilpin Faust, This Republic of Suffering: Death and the American Civil War; Joshua B. Howard, North Carolina Civil War Death Study; Francis Amasa Walker, Report of the Superintendent of Census to the Secretary of the Interior, Dec. 26, 1871; Henry Gannett, The Alleged Census Frauds in the South; Francis Amasa Walker, Documents Relating to the Taking of the Census of South Carolina, Oct. 5, 1880; Robert P. Porter, Henry Gannett and William C. Hunt, Progress of the Nation, 1790 to 1890; William F. Fox, Regimental Losses in the American Civil War, 1861-1865; Thomas L. Livermore, Number and Losses in the Civil War in America, 1861-65; Steven Ruggles et al., Integrated Public Use Microdata Series. J. David Hacker is an associate professor of history at Binghamton University, SUNY. <N> In his 1889 treatise Regimental Losses in the American Civil War, 1861-1865, Fox presented an immense mass of information. Besides the aggregate death count, researchers could learn that the Fifth New Hampshire lost more soldiers (295 killed) than any other Union regiment; that Gettysburg and Waterloo were almost equivalent battles, with each of the four combatant armies suffering about 23,000 casualties; that the Union Army had 166 regiments of black troops; and that the average Union soldier was 5 feet 8 1/4 inches tall and weighed 143 1/2 pounds. Foxs estimate of Confederate battlefield deaths was much rougher, however: a round number of 94,000, a figure compiled from after-action reports. In 1900, Livermore set out to make a more complete count. In his book, Numbers and Losses in the Civil War in America, 1861-65, he reasoned that if the Confederates had lost proportionally the same number of soldiers to disease as the Union had, the actual number of Confederate dead should rise to 258,000. And that was that. The Fox-Livermore numbers continued to be cited well into the 21st century, even though few historians were satisfied with them. Among many others, James M. McPherson used them without citing the source in Battle Cry of Freedom, his Pulitzer-winning 1988 history of the war. Enter Dr. Hacker, a specialist in 19th-century demographics, who was accustomed to using a system called the two-census method to calculate mortality. That method compares the number of 20-to-30-year-olds in one census with the number of 30-to-40-year-olds in the next census, 10 years later. The difference in the two figures is the number of people who died in that age group. Pretty simple  but, Dr. Hacker soon realized, too simple for counting Civil War dead. Published census data from the era did not differentiate between native-born Americans and immigrants; about 500,000 foreign-born soldiers served in the Union Army alone. If you have a lot of immigrants age 20 moving in during one decade, it looks like negative mortality 10 years later, Dr. Hacker said. While the Census Bureau in 1860 asked people their birthplace, the information never made it into the printed report. As for Livermores assumption that deaths from disease could be correlated with battlefield deaths, Dr. Hacker found that wanting too. The Union had better medical care, food and shelter, especially in the wars final years, suggesting that Southern losses to disease were probably much higher. Also, research has shown that soldiers from rural areas were more susceptible to disease and died at a higher rate than city dwellers. The Confederate Army had a higher percentage of farm boys. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. Dr. Hacker said he realized in 2010 that a rigorous recalculation could finally be made if he used newly available detailed census data presented on the Internet by the Minnesota Population Center at the University of Minnesota. Advertisement Continue reading the main story The centers Integrated Public Use Microdata Series had put representative samples of in-depth, sortable information for individuals counted in 19th-century censuses. This meant that by sorting by place of birth, Dr. Hacker could count only the native-born. Another hurdle was what Dr. Hacker called the dreadful 1870 census, a badly handled undercount taken when the ashes of the war were still warm. But he reasoned a way around that problem. Because the census takers would quite likely have missed as many women as men, he decided to look at the ratio of male to female deaths in 1870. Next, he examined mortality figures from the decades on either side of the war  the 1850s and 1870s  so that he could get an idea of the normal ratio of male to female deaths for a given decade. When he compared those ratios to that of 1860-70, he reasoned, he would see a dramatic spike in male mortality. And he did. Subtracting normal attrition from the male side of the equation left him with a rough estimate of war dead. It was a better estimate than Fox and Livermore had produced, but Dr. Hacker made it clear that his was not the final answer. He had made several assumptions, each of which stole accuracy from the final result. Among them: that there were no war-related deaths of white women; that the expected normal mortality rate in the 1860s would be the average of the rates in the 1850s and 1870s; that foreign soldiers died at the same rate as native-born soldiers; and that the War Department figure of 36,000 black war dead had to be accepted as accurate because black women suffered so terribly both during and after the war that they could not be used as a control for male mortality. The study had two significant shortcomings. Dr. Hacker could make no estimate of civilian deaths, an enduring question among historians, because the overall number is too small relative to the overall number of soldiers killed. And he could not tell how many of the battlefield dead belonged to each side. You could assume that everyone born in the Deep South fought for the Confederacy and everyone born in the North fought for the Union, he said. But the border states were a nightmare, and my confidence in the results broke down quickly. With all the uncertainties, Dr. Hacker said, the data suggested that 650,000 to 850,000 men died as a result of the war; he chose the midpoint as his estimate. He emphasized that his methodology was far from perfect. Part of me thinks it is just a curiosity, he said of the new estimate. But wars have profound economic, demographic and social costs, he went on. Were seeing at least 37,000 more widows here, and 90,000 more orphans. Thats a profound social impact, and its our duty to get it right. <N> CLAIM Kroger is giving away free grocery coupons or gift cards to Facebook users who like and share a post. RATING ORIGIN For years Facebook users have been seeing posts advertising giveaways for the Kroger grocery store chain such as Get $100 in Free Groceries when you spend $110 or more in one transaction coupon offers. However, such posts are just versions of the common free coupon or free gift card scams that frequently plague social media. On more than one occasion the Kroger Company has taken to Facebook to warn customers that these coupon offers are not an authorized promotion and to advise them not to visit sites promoting them: These fake coupon and gift card offers are typically scams that promise rewards to anyone who follows a simple three-step process: Share the message on Facebook, leave a comment, and like the message. These three steps ensure the scam message circulates to thousands of people on Facebook. @SocialNewsDaily That offer is a scam  we are not affiliated w/ that website. Our Digital Coupons can be found at _LINKS_.  Kroger Support (@KrogerSupport) October 15, 2014 Previous versions of the scam, for example, featured a similar message that invaded Facebook promising a $250 gift card. The message redirected to a web page that was not affiliated with Kroger despite the fact that it was adorned with the companys logo: This page instructed shoppers to follow three simple steps in order to get a free gift card. Once the steps were completed, however, users were not greeted with a coupon code. Instead, they were asked to fill out a brief survey and provide personal information such as home address, telephone number, e-mail address, and date of birth. Users were also required to sign up for credit cards or enroll in subscription programs in order to obtain their free gift cards. Kroger has repeatedly warned their customers not to fall victims to this form of scam: These fraudulent surveys are quite popular on Facebook, and if you frequently use that social network there is a good chance that youll run into one of these survey scams again. A July 2014 article from the Better Business Bureau lists key factors for identifying fraudulent Facebook posts: <N> A major grocery store chain is trying to promote healthier food choices for children. Kroger introduced its Fresh Fruit for Kids campaign on Thursday. Four stores around our area are giving free fruit to kids. Just bring your child into the produce section. Kids under 12 will be able to select a healthy fruit. Options include apples, bananas, and Clementine oranges. Johnson City store manager Amy Akard told News 5 WCYB they're better than candy or other sweets. "Childhood obesity, we read about it every day. It's on the rise so what we are wanting to do at Kroger is wanting to promote a healthier eating lifestyle for children. Hopefully, they can take that to their adult life as well." Kroger is also hoping free fruit will encourage parents to start talking about healthy eating to children at an early age. The Fresh Fruit for Kids campaign is being tested in 23 stores. If it's a success, Kroger will open it in 120 stores all across the nation. <N> You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Kroger is helping to promote healthy eating by offering a piece of free fruit to kids when they are shopping with a parent! According to their press release, the new Free Fruit for Kids promotion will be taking place in every Kroger in the Triangle. There will be a basket stocked with fresh fruit such as bananas, apples and clementines at each store. At times, there may be other fruits available as well. The offer is available for kids under the age of 12 who are shopping with a parent or guardian. They can select their own piece of fruit from the basket. At Kroger we understand the importance of encouraging kids to eat healthy foods, said Anne Jenkins, spokesperson for Krogers Mid-Atlantic Division. Through our Free Fresh Fruit for Kids promotion, we hope children will become excited to eat more fruit and, in turn, develop positive attitudes toward other healthy foods that contribute to their overall wellness. I love this idea! It is so much better than giving kids cookies. What do you think? <N> Published: Thursday, July 19, 2018 @ 10:35 AM  Ohio unions are under attack and need to be strengthened, Richard Cordray, the Democratic candidate for Ohio governor, told a convention of plumbers and pipefitters in Dayton on Thursday. Cordray brought a message tailor-made for unions to the convention at the Dayton Marriott, essentially rejecting any attempt to establish right to work laws in Ohio or to weaken prevailing wage laws on construction projects. He also took aim at an apparent lack of federal progress on infrastructure improvements, saying it will be up to Ohio to address infrastructure needs. RELATED: Poll says Ohio governor race too close to call between Cordray, DeWine We have to flex our muscles  and create that strong infrastructure ourselves, Cordray said. States around Ohio are increasingly embracing right to work, the common name for laws that make it illegal to force employees to join a union or pay union dues. As of 2017, 28 states had such laws, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures  including Indiana, Michigan and Kentucky. It has kind of surrounded us in the Midwest, Cordray said. He accused his Republican opponent in the governors race, Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine, of being squishy on right-to-work questions, charging DeWine with giving one audience one message and another audience another message. RELATED: FBI investigation, Trump, may factor into Ohio governors race You cannot count on him being on your side, said Cordray, himself a former attorney general. He insisted that right to work was a central issue in the campaign, saying, Believe me, they have been pushing this in Ohio, as well. A spokesman for the DeWine campaign said DeWine has been endorsed by a number of Ohio unions, including the Tri-State Building & Construction Trades Council and others. Richard Cordray has been trying desperately to convince voters that he is an inspired and energetic candidate, but having fallen short, hes just resorted to traveling the state and talking about the only thing he knows has people excited for this November: Mike DeWine, said the spokesman, Joshua Eck. Kenneth Vierling Sr. is president of the Ohio Conference of Plasterers and Cement Masons, which endorsed DeWine this year. This was not an easy decision for us because he is the very first Republican candidate we have ever endorsed for governor in Ohio, but we believe that Mr. DeWine will best serve the citizens of Ohio and our members, Vierling said in an email sent by a spokesman. I am not naive and fully understand that politics is a nasty business, but the misinformation being spread around about Mr. DeWine regarding these issues is not valid in my opinion. Ohio voters nearly seven years ago overwhelmingly rejected Senate Bill 5, which would have limited collective bargaining among public-sector unions. More than 60 percent of voters rejected the issue. Since then, Republicans have been generally wary of right-to-work questions, but early in 2018, two GOP lawmakers proposed creating not legislation, but ballot language  via six proposed constitutional amendments  on the question for a possible November 2020 vote. RELATED: Dems want to pin ECOT blame on GOP in fall election Not on our agenda at all, the Cleveland Plain Dealer quoted DeWine as saying during a campaign stop in late May when he was asked about the possible ballot initiative. Cordray also defended prevailing wage laws that peg wages and benefits paid on public-sector construction projects to a regional minimum. He said prevailing wage measures put skilled workers and the best talent on construction job sites. Though Cordray most recently served as the inaugural director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in Washington, D.C., he didnt mention that role in his address in Dayton. Asked about that afterwards, the candidate said he feels voters are appreciative of his work the CFPB, but that his campaign is about the future. Trending - Most Read Stories <N> Kroger is promoting healthy living through a new initiative that gives kids free fruit to munch on while their parents do the grocery shopping. The Cincinnati-based grocery retailer piloted its Free Fruit for Kids program in several stores starting last year. Parents can grab a piece of fruit for their children to eat from the produce section.  RELATED: 5 things we learned about Krogers future in the region The program has already expanded to some local stores. A store associate at the Kroger location at 2917 W. Alex Bell Road told this newspaper that the program started about a month ago. Wonder what Kroger's presence looks like here? 44 supermarkets here, 10 Starbucks, 12 ClickList locations _LINKS_ #DACC2017 pic.twitter.com/9ITmE64ASo  Kara Driscoll (@KaraDriscollCox) April 20, 2017  RELATED: Kroger to expand online shopping to Dayton area locations The Kroger store at 2115 E. Dorothy Lane in Kettering is also offering free fruit for kids now. The Dayton Daily News has reached out to Kroger to obtain a full list of area stores participating in the initiative. FIVE FAST BUSINESS READS  Kroger to create 600 jobs with new Dayton-area stores  RETAIL ROUND-UP: 3 stories about Cabelas, RadioShack, Starbucks  Development officials see growth in downtown  Centerville strip mall demolished next to Elsas  Ohio economy to win big with future NCAA games <N> Truth to tell, I rather enjoyed Katie Hopkins. Right up to the moment she said  as near as dammit  she wished I was dead. It cast a pall, I dont mind admitting. Honesty and candour are all very well about other people but a bit of a conversation stopper when youre in the firing line yourself. You begin to see why  how can I put this?  not everybody regards her as a national treasure. Wed been getting on terribly well, I thought. Shes smart, funny; attractive, too, in a beaky sort of way. Shed been rattling on, saying out loud the kind of things the rest of us feel guilty even thinking. She giggled a lot. I did a fair bit of sniggering myself, looking around furtively to make sure nobody was noticing. Then I made the mistake of asking the obvious question about her latest television venture, If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World I couldnt not ask her: well, OK, what would she do if she did? Right, she said, saucer blue eyes looking me up and down, evidently seeing a problem to be solved. We just have far too many old people. Did I know that one in three NHS beds was being blocked by the elderly and demented? A third of our hospitals filled up by people who dont even know theyre there? Shed soon put a stop to that. Its ridiculous to be living in a country where we can put dogs to sleep but not people. Her solution? Easy. Euthanasia vans  just like ice-cream vans  that would come to your home. After theyd finished in the hospitals, presumably. It would all be perfectly charming. They might even have a nice little tune theyd play. I mean this genuinely. Im super-keen on euthanasia vans. We need to accept that just because medical advances mean we can live longer, its not necessarily the right thing to do. <N> Katie Hopkins, a British television personality and former The Apprentice contestant, is a classic example of the insane liberal thinking. According to her, old people should be euthanized because they are too much of a burden to society. She has even developed a whole scenario for her sick idea Hopkins suggests that we create euthanasia vans that would drive door-to-door and takes care of the elderly. We just have far too many old people, the feminist says. Its ridiculous to be living in a country where we can put dogs to sleep but not people. Euthanasia vans  just like ice-cream vans  that would come to your home, Hopkins says. It would all be perfectly charming. They might even have a nice little tune theyd play. I mean this genuinely. Im super-keen on euthanasia vans. We need to accept that just because medical advances mean we can live longer, its not necessarily the right thing to do. <N> From RationalWiki   Having stated that she will never back down or apologise (although she recently was legally required to, and did so at 2am for minimum visibility), its clear the thing she fears most is having to take any stance that would bring a fatal blow to the carefully-constructed brand...People pointlessly argue with Katie Hopkins on Twitter like they would with Mickey at Disneyland, as though shell suddenly remove her foam head and break character. Stuart Millard[1] Katie Hopkins is a writer-broadcaster, former British reality TV contestant and singularity of awfulness. She is known for her right-wing views expressed on television, newspapers, and on Twitter. She has been rude about migrants, Scots, Muslims, people with dementia, the lower classes, and many other individuals and groups.[2] In fairness, it's unclear how much of her output is designed to wind up the idiots who'll complain about anything, how much is genuine hatred for those more needy than herself and how much is both. The Road to Fame [ edit ] Born in 1975 in the old wool port of Barnstaple, Devon, Katie went to convent school, Exeter University, and the prestigious Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, but could not join the army due to epilepsy. Instead she worked as a business consultant and got a marketing job with the Met Office, the UK's state-owned weather forecaster. Soon after joining the Met Office she took a sabbatical to appear on British reality TV show The Apprentice, a copy of Donald Trump's American program hosted by occasionally-successful electronics entrepreneur Alan Sugar . She eventually quit the show, citing childcare issues, after making a lot of controversial comments and earning the wrath of Scottish bra guru Michelle Mone . Mone, later a member of the House of Lords, was a guest expert on the show and called Hopkins a bad role model for businesswomen. Just after being fake-fired by Sugar, Hopkins was dismissed for real by the Met Office, who said she had failed her probationary period.[2][3] Media career [ edit ] After The Apprentice, Hopkins rapidly began to pop up on other TV shows, including popular Jimmy Carr-fronted panel game 8 Out of 10 Cats and terrible pseudo-comedy chat thing The Friday Night Project, where she competed with actor Richard E Grant to see who knew the most about the former Sporty Spice Girl Melanie Chisholm.[4] She came second last in series 7 of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! in 2007 and has appeared twice on Question Time, the BBC's flagship current affairs debate show. She has made television programs for TLC in the UK, an offshoot of the Discovery Channel, but unlike much of Discovery's cryptozoological nonsense proved herself a very real monster. Her shows included If Katie Hopkins Ruled the World, reportedly dropped after 1 series due to low ratings[2], and the deeply creepy My Fat Story in which she gained 3 stones (19 kg) in weight in an attempt to ridicule fatties understand what it was like to be fat mildly overweight. She has also written for newspapers including the Exeter Express & Echo, The Sun, and the Daily Mail website.[2] Political career [ edit ] She stood as an independent in the 2009 European Parliament elections for South West England Constituency, getting 0.6% of the votes.[2] Migrants and Muslims [ edit ]   22 dead-numbers rising. Don't you even dare. Do not be part of the problem. We need a 22 dead-numbers rising. Schofield Don't you even dare. Do not be part of the problem. We need a final solution  Adolf Hitler Katie Hopkins on Muslims following the Manchester bombings[5] She has been critical of migrants on several occasions. In 2015 in The Sun she compared migrants crossing the Mediterranean Sea to cockroaches and called for them to be met by gunboats; a petition demanding she be sacked attracted 200,000 signatures.[6] She has also supported Donald Trump, defending his widely-derided claims that parts of Britain are no-go zones due to tough Muslim street gangs intimidating white people.[7] After her "final solution" tweet, she was fired from her job at national talk radio station LBC, to the delight of many others at the station. Scotland [ edit ] She was accused of mocking victims of the 2013 helicopter crash in Glasgow which killed ten people.[8] She also attacked Scottish aid worker Pauline Cafferkey who had contracted ebola in Sierra Leone: Hopkins called Cafferkey an "Ebola bomb" and "sweaty".[9] Jack Monroe [ edit ] In 2015 she libelled Jack Monroe, a socialist gender-fluid cookery writer, falsely accusing Monroe of vandalising a war memorial. Apparently another short-haired Guardian journalist had made a disparaging comment about war memorials, and Hopkins put two and two together and made 5000 (pounds sterling, claimed by Monroe).[10] Camber Sands drownings [ edit ] She posted a bad-taste joke on Twitter a few hours after 5 people were found drowned at Camber Sands in 2016; there was initial speculation that they were illegal immigrants but it turned out they were all Londoners and she deleted the tweet. Police criticised her insensitivity but declined to make an arrest.[11] Black Lives Matter [ edit ] Hopkins is a critic of Black Lives Matter, believing that their equal rights message is secretly a front for anti-white "racism". Hopkins posted in response to a poster of the show Dear White People by stating "Dear black people. If your lives matter why do you stab and shoot each other so much. she later deleted the tweet but not before offended followers had taken screenshots and shared the post.[12] Hopkins has called for water cannons to be used against Black Lives Matter protesters at Heathrow Airport.[13] <N> 28/02/17 23:56 KATIE HOPKINS: Within twelve hours of my landing in Sweden, an asylum centre was burned down, arson suspected; a hand grenade was planted in a bin (shown bottom right), either for the police or the mosque; and another hand grenade exploding, injuring one in Malm. I was in Rinkeby, a predominantly immigrant-populated suburb of the capital city of Stockholm, which saw widespread riots in February after Swedish officials criticised comments made by US President Donald Trump in which he suggested refugees were behind a supposed increase in crime. But I didn't come to Sweden for the riots. Or because of Trump. I came because I was asked. Repeatedly. Swedish women (shown top right) reaching out by email, by letter, to quietly show me what has become of their country. Dads writing that they were worried for their daughters, tweeting that Sweden is not the place people imagine it to be, that young girls are scared to go out at night (pictured main) and are forced to arm themselves with safety spray (inset). I am in utter disbelief that this is Sweden in the 21st century, a country idolised for its ultra-advanced ideals. ...read <N> Published: 01:07 BST, 3 March 2017 | Updated: 11:12 BST, 3 March 2017 There's been a complaint about my first report from Sweden. A reader is very angry because I suggested the child raped by a 45-year-old migrant (posing as an unaccompanied minor) was 14. In fact, he was 12. This is the state of liberalism today. So determined to prove I am wrong, my observations erroneous, the stories I have on tape inaccurate, that it has lost all sight of the raped migrant child crumpled in the corner. Similarly, the 'we know better brigade' are so puffed up with smug self-importance as they point out Trump got his dates confused over the troubles in Sweden, they cant see past their own chest to the riots in Rinkeby. Katie Hopkins meets with Mattias Karlsson, the group leader in parliament for the Swedish Democrats Where cars were set alight, shops looted and shopkeepers beaten while youths went on the rampage. I asked Mattias Karlsson, leader of the Swedish Democrats - currently leading in the polls - why other politicians refuse to acknowledge the problems right in front of their eyes. He explained that to accept there is a problem would mean accepting nearly 80 years of liberal thinking was wrong. That multiculturalism doesn't work, that mass immigration does not lead to integration, that Sweden has made a big mistake. A stranger came up to me in a coffee shop to say much the same thing. She had read my first report. She implored me to shout louder. She said Sweden cannot go on pretending it is some kind of utopia. That it is on a path to fail, that her friends fear Sweden is being overwhelmed. The fears are real. The areas migrants inhabit have become sink suburbs, riddled with no-go zones, even for the police, where hand-grenade attacks are the accepted norm, women stay indoors, and the ambulances and fire engines need police escorts. God help any good people forced to live here. Katie meets with Group Commander Fredrik Liljegren, who heads up Kista Fire Station. His is the toughest fire station in Sweden, dealing with the highest incident rate in the country I met with Group Commander Fredrik Liljegren who heads up Kista Fire Station. His is the toughest fire station in Sweden, dealing with the highest incident rate in the country. Four members of his team work full time to help migrant children understand why it is important to let these crews do their work. Not to throw rocks at the vehicles. Or slash their tyres. Or cut the hoses. These feel like lessons in humanity, sadly lacking in this place. I asked Mattias whether he thought these suburbs would end up being walled off, like mini-Mexicos, in an effort to contain the problem. He told me it was more likely that gated communities would spring up  walls of another sort, to keep the bad out and protect those within, but no less depressing and divisive. Here at the fire station he is not wrong. A reinforced fence is being built all the way around the premises to try to prevent break-ins. Five cutting tools have been stolen from this station alone  whilst the vehicles were in the station. This is what multiculturalism looks like in 21st-century Sweden. I am stunned the moral bar has never fallen so low. Five cutting tools have been stolen from this station alone  whilst the vehicles were in the station Four members of Fredrik's team work full time to help migrant children understand why it is important to let these crews do their work. Not to throw rocks at them or slash their tyres Still no one dares address the sharp rise in violent crime  stabbings, grenade attacks, automatic-weapon fire, violent rapes, the sorts of crime which terrorise communities. Except one, Peter Springare, a police officer with 42 years of policing Sweden under his belt. I went to meet him at his police station in rebro to ask why he spoke out, in a place where silent acceptance seems mandatory. He posted on Facebook, 'here we go; this is what I've handled from Monday to Friday this week: rape, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, rape-assault and rape....violence against the police, threats to police, drug crime, felony, attempted murder, rape again. 'Suspected perpetrators; Ali Mohammed, Mahmod, Mohammed, Mohammed Ali, Muhammad, again, again, again. Countries representing all the crimes this week; Iraq, Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Syria, Afghanistan, Somalia, Somalia, Syria again, Somalia... Peter Springare, a police officer with 42 years of policing Sweden under his belt, wants politicians to acknowledge there is a problem with immigrant criminals Predictably, the left rushed in to call him a racist, calling him a Nazi, a xenophobe. But if they listen, they'd hear he is surprisingly positive about the benefits of controlled migration. And does not believe in deporting criminal immigrants. He just wants politicians to acknowledge there is a problem with immigrant criminals. He is clear about their intent to overload the police and overturn the Swedish justice system. He believes if this continues, Sweden will become a lawless country. I think back to my 48 hours in Rinkeby. There, I wonder if the battle has already been lost. I watched American journalists flee under police escort from where I stood, frightened off by the masked gangs who control this turf. I followed up on the riots last week. Not a single arrest was made. After Peter's Facebook post, in which he drew attention to the volume of crimes allegedly perpetrated by migrants, he was branded a racist, a Nazi, a xenophobe I spoke to residents who know burglaries will not be attended, rapes not prosecuted, car fires accepted with a shrug, pepper spray banned in case your rapist is hurt. Gangs here have rewritten the relationship between crime and punishment. They have gained the upper hand. And they know it. For them, justice is delivered with guns or knives, dominance asserted by unbuttoning their fly. But the only response the government know is to try to silence people like Peter. To pretend the problem away. The establishment tried to make a case against him for 'inciting racial hatred'. But that fell apart. Now they are trying to make 'hacking police files and dereliction of duty' stick. He will not be silenced. Nor will the stranger in the coffee shop who urged me to keep speaking out. Or the Swedish Democrats determined to force this debate into the centre ground. Or the victims of violent rape who don't care if you think the sexual assault graph is going up or down. They share a single message; Sweden cannot begin to solve its problems until it starts talking about them. I'd ask the politicians to step away from the pretty bits which look like the Sweden I imagined. And spend time with the men and women in the dirty places in between. Places I spent time in pretending to be brave; where a white woman is a whore, first responders are under attack, and the streets are run by gangs who do not fear the law but laugh in its face. <N> Editors note: This post was originally published on June 12, 2016. One man in Rosharon, Texas used a product he found online to protect his familys home and property during flooding in 2016. KHOU reports Randy Wagner felt devastated when local officials ordered residents to evacuate their homes. In a desperate attempt to protect his home from the flood waters, Wagner drove all the way to Louisiana to pick up a product he found online, an Aqua Dam. With the help of a couple of friends, Wagner installed the Aqua Dams 400 feet of materials and waited for the water to come. As the water built up around his home, the dam held it all back. Now, while thousands of his neighbors will need to make repairs, rebuild and replace all their belongings, Wagner has saved everything. You can learn more about the story in this video. The Aqua Dam contains plastic and fabric. Heres how it works: 400 feet of fabric and plastic fill with water to create a 30-inch water barrier. The assembly did take some time, and many of Wagners neighbors werent impressed at first. I was the crazy guy, Wagner told KHOU. Everybody was kinda going by, laughing at me. But today they are really impressed with this AquaDam. The product cost him $8,300, but it potentially saved him $150,000 in repairs. To learn more about the Aqua Dam, check out this site. <N> ROSHARON, Texas - Of the thousands of homes evacuated and damaged by flooding in Brazoria County, one familys home is high and dry on West FM 1462 in Rosharon. Randy Wagner decided to take a chance on something called an Aqua Dam, a product he discovered online. Rosharon, and many parts of Brazoria County were filled with military vehicles and airboats to facilitate mandatory evacuations when the Brazos River began to overflow. Your family being relocated and you know its heartbreaking to know that that could happen, said Wagner. Wagner was determined to find a way to save his home, after Brazos River Authority warned residents of the approaching floods that hadnt been seen in decades. To not know what that level was going to stop at, I needed to prepare for something that no one has seen, said Wagner. The AquaDam surrounds Randy Wagner's home as floodwaters continue to rise. He drove to Louisiana and purchased an AquaDam, learned how to install it and with the help of two other men, the dam kept the water back. He filled up 400 feet of 30 inch high tubes made of plastic and fabric with water. I was the crazy guy. Everybody was kinda going by, laughing at me. But today they are really impressed with this AquaDam, said Wagner. He and his family stayed, waited and watched as the water rose to 27 inches, but never seeped through the barriers. The product cost him money, but he told KHOU 11 News it was well worth his sanity. $8,300 is to me a small investment on a house that could have two feet of water in it and cost me $150,000 in repairs. he said. The AquaDam surrounds Randy Wagner's home as floodwaters continue to rise. Now he has a place to come home to and hopes that others will learn from the chance he took on a company he found online. Emergency management could use it. I remember when Addicks reservoir was going over Highway 6. It couldve been used. he said. For more information on AquaDams, click here.  None <N>  Hurricane Harvey made landfall Friday night between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor, Texas, as a Category 4 storm with winds of 130 mph, the National Hurricane Center said. Harvey is the first Category 4 hurricane to make landfall in the United States since Hurricane Charley in 2004. The storm is poundng the Texas coast and its millions of residents with hurricane-force winds knocking down trees, power poles and signs, and with torrential rain deluging streets. In its 11 p.m. ET update, the National Hurricane Center said the center of the storm had passed over San Jose Island, bringing with it a dangerous and powerful eye wall. The hurricane center warns that some areas will see as much as 13 feet of storm surge and large, destructive waves. And there's the rain that the slow-moving storm is expected to produce. Because it is expected to come to a near halt inland, Harvey could drop as much as 40 inches of rain in some places, and up to 30 inches in others, by Wednesday. #Harvey made landfall at 10 PM CDT as a category 4 hurricane near Rockport, Texas, with max winds of 130 mph and min pressure of 938 mb. pic.twitter.com/98y5wpKmBw  NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) August 26, 2017 The combination of wind and water could leave wide swaths of South Texas "uninhabitable for weeks or months," the National Weather Service in Houston said. Such daunting language hasn't been seen by CNN's experts since Hurricane Katrina , which left more than 1,800 people dead in 2005. The threat has prompted officials in at least one town to ask residents who stay behind to write their Social Security numbers on one of their arms in case. It will make identifying bodies easier. "Texas is about to have a very significant disaster," said Brock Long, director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Gov. Greg Abbott warned of record-setting flooding and called on people to flee the area before the storm hits. "My top goal is to be able to make it through this storm in a way in which we lose no lives," Abbott said. "Put your life first and your property second." The golden arches atop a McDonald's in Galveston were downed by high winds. Residents were urged to evacuate. A mass exodus from the coast caused extensive traffic jams along the state's highways, while other people boarded up windows and stocked up on food and water ahead of the storm, the effects of which are expected to last for days. The storm will stall and dump rain on South Texas and parts of Louisiana into the middle of next week, forecasters predicted. Latest developments -- Rockport, Texas, officials are advising residents who refuse to evacuate to write their names and Social Security number on a forearm, Mayor Pro Tem Patrick Rios told CNN. Rios said it will "help out first responders should they find a body." -- The National Weather Service in Corpus Christi issued an extreme wind warning for portions of the Texas coast. "Widespread destructive winds of 115 to 145 mph will produce swaths of tornado-like damage," the agency said. -- Texas' governor requested additional federal help with a presidential disaster declaration. The White House is considering the declaration. -- President Donald Trump, who will visit the area next week, has signed a disaster declaration for the state. I encourage everyone in the path of #HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials. _LINKS_  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 25, 2017 FEMA prepared for 'significant disaster' JUST WATCHED What Hurricane Harvey looks like from space Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What Hurricane Harvey looks like from space 00:41 Those who stay should "elevate and get into a structure that can withstand potentially Category 3 winds from a hurricane," said Long, the FEMA director. "The bottom line message is, right now, if people have not heeded the warning, again, their window to do so is closing," Long said. "If they refuse to heed the warning, that's on them." Long said he is "very worried" about storm surge, or "wind-driven water," slamming coastal areas, saying it has the "highest potential to kill the most amount of people and cause the most amount of damage." Trump tweeted that he has spoken with the governors of Texas and Louisiana, saying he is "closely monitoring Hurricane Harvey developments and here to assist as needed." Record flooding expected Christopher Beafneaux, left, Ernesto Villarreal, center, and Roman Lopez board up windows of a business in Galveston. Officials worried that Harvey's deluge of rain will drench Texas and the region for several days. "We could see this storm park for almost five days in some places, and we hear three feet of rain," said Bill Read, the former director of the National Hurricane Center. "That's just going to be a huge problem for these areas." "The water is going to be the issue," Corpus Christi Mayor Joe McComb said. "We've never had anything like this." Harvey is also causing concern in New Orleans, where heavy rain could usher in as much as 20 inches of rain through early next week and overwhelm the city's already-compromised drainage system Storm nears shore Joey Walker, 25, works with the Galveston Island Beach Patrol and is riding out the storm from a house on Galveston Island. He posted video of near-white out conditions overlooking Stewart Beach. Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner said anyone not leaving should plan to stay off the roads once the storm starts. "People need to know, this is not a one-, two-day event and done," Turner said. 'I'm trying to be strong' The threat of Harvey became evident Thursday when several coastal Texas counties issued evacuation orders, leading to hordes of residents sitting bumper to bumper for miles. Traffic on Interstate 37 between San Antonio and Corpus Christi was backed up for miles Thursday. Rose Yepez told CNN it took her twice as long as usual to drive 140 miles from Corpus Christi to San Antonio, en route to Texas Hill Country. Private vehicles -- along with city buses packed with adults and children carrying backpacks -- jammed roads for hours. "I'm shaking inside, but for them, I'm trying to be strong," a Corpus Christi woman who was waiting with her two daughters to board a bus out of town told CNN affiliate KRIS. Workers at 39 offshore petroleum production platforms and an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico also evacuated Thursday, the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement said. A sign reading "Be Nice Harvey" was left behind on a boarded-up business in Port Aransas. First responders such as Brittany Fowler stayed behind and waited for the storm. "Hopefully, it doesn't do any damage, but if it does, we've prepared," Fowler, a firefighter in Corpus Christi, wrote on Instagram. Fowler's family helped by boarding up windows and doors at her home, and she bought plenty of water, food and a small power generator. Special thank you to my Dad, brother and Marz for boarding up the house and getting it squared away for #Harvey! Hopefully it doesn't do any damage but if it does we've prepared. #HurricaneHarvey #WeatherChannel #CorpusChristi #hurricane #gulfcoast A post shared by Brittany Fowler (@bafowler1) on Aug 24, 2017 at 1:56pm PDT Despite the warnings, Elsie and David Reichenbacher prepped supplies and planned to stay put in Corpus Christi. "I've gone through a lot of hurricanes. I've lived here most of my life," Elsie Reichenbacher said. "I'd rather take care of my home and my animals and be safe here. I'm on high ground with my house." <N> HOUSTON   A pair of 70-year-old reservoir dams that protect downtown Houston and a levee in a suburban subdivision began overflowing Tuesday, adding to the rising floodwaters from Harvey that have crippled the area after five consecutive days of rain. Brazoria County authorities posted a message on Twitter warning that the levee at Columbia Lakes south of Houston had been breached and telling people to GET OUT NOW!!! Brazoria County Judge Matt Sebesta said residents were warned that the levee would be overtopped at some point, and a mandatory evacuation order was given Sunday. Engineers began releasing water from the Addicks and Barker reservoirs Monday to ease the strain on the dams. But the releases were not enough to relieve the pressure after one of the heaviest downpours in U.S. history, Army Corps of Engineers officials said. Both reservoirs are at record highs. The release of the water means that more homes and streets will flood, and some homes will be inundated for up to a month, said Jeff Lindner of the Harris County Flood Control District. The county is trying to determine where the water will go, Lindner said. Meanwhile, more than 17,000 people are seeking refuge in Texas shelters, the American Red Cross said. With rescues continuing, that number seemed certain to grow. Calls for rescue have so overwhelmed emergency teams that they have had little time to search for bodies. And officials acknowledge that fatalities from Harvey could soar once the floodwaters start to recede from one of Americas most sprawling metropolitan centers. More than four days after the storm ravaged the Texas coastline as a Category 4 hurricane, authorities had confirmed only three deaths  including a woman killed Monday when heavy rains dislodged a large oak tree onto her trailer home in the small town of Porter. But unconfirmed reports of others missing or presumed dead were growing. We know in these kinds of events that, sadly, the death toll goes up historically, Houston Police Chief Art Acevedo told The Associated Press. Im really worried about how many bodies were going to find. One Houston woman said Monday that she presumes six members of a family, including four of her grandchildren, died after their van sank into Greens Bayou in East Houston. Virginia Saldivar told The Associated Press her brother-in-law was driving the van Sunday when a strong current took the vehicle over a bridge and into the bayou. The driver was able to get out and urged the children to escape through the back door, Saldivar said, but they could not. Im just hoping we find the bodies, Saldivar said. Houston emergency officials could not confirm the deaths. A spokeswoman for a Houston hotel said one of its employees disappeared while helping about 100 guests and workers evacuate the building. The disaster is unfolding on an epic scale, with the nations fourth-largest city mostly paralyzed by the storm that parked itself over the Gulf Coast. With nearly 2 more feet (61 centimeters) of rain expected on top of the 30-plus inches (76 centimeters) in some places, authorities worried the worst might be yet to come. Harvey kept drenching Houston and the surrounding area. Rain fell Tuesday at about half an inch (1 centimeter) per hour over Harris County  home to Houston  and up to 2 inches (5 centimeters) per hour to the east. The Houston metro area covers about 10,000 square miles (25,900 square kilometers), an area slightly bigger than New Jersey. Its crisscrossed by about 1,700 miles (2,700 kilometers) of channels, creeks and bayous that drain into the Gulf of Mexico, about 50 miles (80 kilometers) to the southeast from downtown. President Donald Trump was expected Tuesday in Corpus Christi and Austin for briefings on the first major natural disaster of his administration. Vice President Mike Pence said in an interview with Corpus Christi radio station KKTX that he will visit southeast Texas later this week. Forecasters expect the storm to linger over the Gulf before heading back inland east of Houston sometime Wednesday. The system will then head north and lose its tropical strength. It could creep as far east as Mississippi by Thursday, meaning New Orleans, where Hurricane Katrina unleashed its full wrath in 2005, is in Harveys path. Foreboding images of Harvey were lighting up weather radar screens early Tuesday, the 12th anniversary of the day Katrina made landfall in Plaquemines Parish. Rescuers meanwhile continued plucking people from inundated Houston neighborhoods. Mayor Sylvester Turner put the number by police at more than 3,000. The Coast Guard said it also had rescued more than 3,000 by boat and air and was taking more than 1,000 calls per hour. Chris Thorn was among the many volunteers still helping with the mass evacuation that began Sunday. He drove with a buddy from the Dallas area with their flat-bottom hunting boat to pull strangers out of the water. I couldnt sit at home and watch it on TV and do nothing since I have a boat and all the tools to help, he said. Nearly 6,000 inmates displaced by flooding have been moved from prisons in the Houston area to other facilities in South and East Texas, according to the state Department of Criminal Justice. A mandatory evacuation was ordered for the low-lying Houston suburb of Dickinson, home to 20,000. Police cited the citys fragile infrastructure in the floods, limited working utilities and concern about the weather forecast. In Houston, questions continued to swirl about why the mayor did not issue a similar evacuation order. Turner has repeatedly defended the decision and did so again Monday, insisting that a mass evacuation of millions of people by car was a greater risk than enduring the storm. Both the county judge and I sat down together and decided that we were not in direct path of the storm, of the hurricane, and the safest thing to do was for people to stay put, make the necessary preparations. I have no doubt that the decision we made was the right decision. He added, Can you imagine if millions of people had left the city of Houston and then tried to come back in right now? By Tuesday morning, more than 9,000 people were at the citys largest shelter set up inside the George R. Brown Convention Center  which originally had an estimated capacity of 5,000. Red Cross spokesman Lloyd Ziel said that volunteers made more space inside the center, which also was used to house Hurricane Katrina refugees from New Orleans in 2005, in part by pushing some cots closer together. A shortage of cots means some people will have to sleep on chairs or the floor. The center settled down at night, after an occasionally chaotic day that saw thousands of evacuees arrive in the pouring rain. Officers and volunteers at times rushed to attend to those with medical needs. Before the storm is gone, up to 20 more inches (51 centimeters) of rain could fall, National Weather Service Director Louis Uccellini said Monday. That means the flooding will get worse in the days ahead and the floodwaters will be slow to recede once Harvey finally moves on, the weather service said. Sometime Tuesday or early Wednesday, parts of the Houston region will probably break the nearly 40-year-old U.S. record for the biggest rainfall from a tropical system  48 inches (120 centimeters)  set by Tropical Storm Amelia in 1978 in Texas, meteorologists said. ___ Associated Press writers Juan Lozano and Nomaan Merchant in Houston and David Warren in Dallas contributed to this report. ___ Sign up for APs daily newsletter showcasing our best all-formats reporting on Harvey and its aftermath: _LINKS_ . <N> Art Moore, co-author of the best-selling book "See Something, Say Nothing," entered the media world as a PR assistant for the Seattle Mariners and a correspondent covering pro and college sports for Associated Press Radio. He reported for a Chicago-area daily newspaper and was senior news writer for Christianity Today magazine and an editor for Worldwide Newsroom before joining WND shortly after 9/11. He earned a master's degree in communications from Wheaton College. ADVERTISEMENT Parents of students at a Catholic school in the San Francisco Bay area are protesting the boards decision to remove and relocate more than 160 statues of Jesus, Mary and historic church figures from the campus in an effort to make the school more inclusive. Shannon Fitzpatrick, who has an 8-year-old son at San Domenico School in San Anselmo told the local Marin Independent Journal that articulating an inclusive foundation appears to mean letting go of San Domenicos 167-year tradition as a Dominican Catholic school and being both afraid and ashamed to celebrate ones heritage and beliefs. She said that during the time of her familys association with the K-12 independent school, the word Catholic has been removed from the mission statement, sacraments were removed from the curriculum, the lower school curriculum was changed to world religions, the logo and colors were changed to be less Catholic, and the uniform was changed to be less Catholic. The chair of the schools board of trustees, Amy Skewes-Cox, explained to the local paper that the move was made to help non-Christian students feel more welcome. If you walk on the campus and the first thing you confront is three or four statues of St. Dominic or St. Francis, it could be alienating for that other religion, and we didnt want to further that feeling, she said. The removal of a statue of Mary and the Christ child from the schools center courtyard was especially troubling to parents. Fitzpatrick said other families share her concern. Many parents feel if the school is heading in a different direction then the San Domenico community should have been notified before the signing of the enrollment for the following year, she said. Another parent, Cheryl Newell, told the Independent Journal the school is trying to be something for everyone, and theyre making no one happy. Skewes-Cox told the Marin County paper the relocation and removal of some of the schools 180 religious statues was completely in compliance with a new strategic plan approved unanimously last year by the board and the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael. She said at least 18 remain, including a statue of St. Dominic at the center of the campus. The trustees director insisted that while the removal coincides with the removal of Confederate statues across the United States, the issues are totally different and have absolutely no connection other than it is change, and people have a hard time with change. In 2006, WND reported a cross in the chapel at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, was removed to make the chapel a faith-specific space, and to make it more welcoming to students, faculty, staff and visitors of all faiths. San Domenico, founded by the Dominican Sisters in 1850 as an independent, Catholic school, meaning its not owned by a religious order, has 660 students, including 98 from foreign nations. Among the religions they represent are Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam. Instead of teaching Catholic theology, the school provides instruction in world religions and philosophy. The head of the school, Cecily Stock, told the Independent Journal the schools approach is really about empowering each student and giving them the information so they can discover their own purpose, their own truth. Mirza Khan, the schools director of philosophy, ethics and world religions, told the paper the Dominican teaching philosophy is not to teach there is only one truth. It is to foster conversation, to intentionally invite in participants that have different perspectives in a very open-ended process of philosophical and spiritual inquiry. That has been a long-standing part of the Dominican tradition. <N> Removal of a number of statues and other smaller Catholic icons from the campus of San Domenico School in San Anselmo has raised concerns among some parents. In an email to the schools board of directors, Dominican Sisters of San Rafael and the head of school, Shannon Fitzpatrick objected to the removal of the statues and other steps the school has taken in an effort to make the school more inclusive. Articulating an inclusive foundation appears to mean letting go of San Domenicos 167-year tradition as a Dominican Catholic school and being both afraid and ashamed to celebrate ones heritage and beliefs, wrote Fitzpatrick, whose 8-year-old son attends the school. She added, In our time here, the word Catholic has been removed from the mission statement, sacraments were removed from the curriculum, the lower school curriculum was changed to world religions, the logo and colors were changed to be less Catholic, and the uniform was changed to be less Catholic. Responding to follow-up questions Monday, Fitzpatrick wrote, There are other families having the same concerns I do. Many parents feel if the school is heading in a different direction then the San Domenico community should have been notified before the signing of the enrollment for the following year. Cheryl Newell, who had four children graduate from San Domenico, said, I am extremely disappointed in the school and the direction theyve been going. This isnt a new thing that theyve been intentionally eroding their Catholic heritage. Theyre trying to be something for everyone and theyre making no one happy, Ceremony Kim Pipki, whose daughter left San Domenico two years ago after graduating from ninth grade, said some of the statues were also important to families who arent Catholic. The one main statue that has everyone fired up is the baby Jesus and Mary one, Pipki said. It was at the center of the primary school courtyard. Pipki said the school had a ceremony during which children would place a crown on the statue of Mary. It was less about God and more about passing on some traditions, Pipki said. People were shocked that the statues were pitched in the basement. Amy Skewes-Cox, who heads San Domenico Schools board of trustees, said the relocation and removal of some of the schools 180 religious icons was completely in compliance with San Domenicos new strategic plan, approved unanimously by the board of trustees and the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael last year. She said at least 18 icons remain, including a statue of St. Dominic at the center of the campus. Advertisement She noted that it was unfortunate the removal of the statues occurred at about the same time as the unrest in Charlottesville over the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, and that the issues are totally different and have absolutely no connection other than it is change, and people have a hard time with change. All faiths Sister Maureen McInerney, prioress general of the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael, said she hadnt visited the campus lately and was under the impression statues had been relocated on campus rather than removed entirely. I try not to get into the details of the operation. That really isnt my place, McInerney said. So if there has been a reduction in the number of statues but there are still many statues around the campus, I think that would be fine. San Domenico is a Catholic school; it also welcomes people of all faiths, McInerney said. It is making an effort to be inclusive of all faiths. One of the strategic plans stated goals is to strengthen San Domenicos identity as an independent school and clearly articulate its inclusive spiritual foundation. San Domenico was founded by the Dominican Sisters in 1850 as an independent, Catholic school  meaning that it is not owned or operated by a parish or religious order. San Domenico is both a Catholic school and an independent school, said Head of School Cecily Stock, but what we were finding after doing some research is that in the broader community we are known as being a Catholic school and are not necessarily known as an independent school. We want to make sure that prospective families are aware that we are an independent school. No catechism Of the 660 students who attend the K-12 school, 121 are boarding students and 98 of these are international students from British Columbia, Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, Mexico, Korea, Thailand and Vietnam. The students attending San Domenico come from a variety of religious backgrounds besides Christianity: Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam. Stock said schools operated by the Catholic Church, such as St. Isabella, Marin Catholic and St. Anselm, tend to have larger class sizes and lower tuition costs. Tuition for an incoming kindergarten student at San Domenico is $29,850. Skewes-Cox said, If you walk on the campus and the first thing you confront is three or four statues of St. Dominic or St. Francis, it could be alienating for that other religion, and we didnt want to further that feeling. Stock said the parents of some prospective students who visited the campus expressed concern about this. In her email to the school, Fitzpatrick wrote that she became concerned with the direction of San Domenico when it removed first reconciliation and first communion from the second-grade curriculum, last year. Stock said the year before last the school began offering catechism after school and then last year phased it out entirely. We had very few families interested. I think last year it was fewer than five, Stock said. It just made sense to have the students prepare for communion with their local parishes where they would be with a larger group of students. Stock said, Over the last few years weve had fewer Catholic students as part of the community and a larger number of students of various faith traditions. Right now about 80 percent of our families do not identify as Catholic. World religions Rather than indoctrinate students in Catholic theology, San Domenico provides students with instruction in world religions and philosophy. Its really about empowering each student and giving them the information so they can discover their own purpose, their own truth, Stock said. We believe the best way to understand your own faith is to learn about the faiths of others. Mirza Khan, the schools director of philosophy, ethics and world religions, said, The Dominican teaching philosophy is not to teach there is only one truth. It is to foster conversation, to intentionally invite in participants that have different perspectives in a very open-ended process of philosophical and spiritual inquiry. That has been a long-standing part of the Dominican tradition. Khan, whose father and grandfather were Sufi teachers in India, received a bachelors degree in comparative religion at Bard College. Before becoming a teacher at San Domenico about 10 years ago, he worked as a research assistant to a professor at Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Khan said during his time in Jerusalem he got to see first-hand how devastating it can be when religions are in conflict. <N> Holy mother of Jesus, what is going on in America? An independent Catholic school in the San Francisco Bay Area  where else?  has removed a statue of Mary and Baby Jesus from its campus in an attempt to be more inclusive. A number of statues and Catholic icons have been removed from the campus of San Domenico School in San Anselmo, the Marin Independent Journal A number of statues and Catholic icons have been removed from the campus of San Domenico School in San Anselmo, the Marin Independent Journal reported . A move that is part of a new strategic plan to appeal to more potential students. Insane. My hometown's Catholic school is removing statues of Mary and Jesus because "it could be alienating" Insane. My hometown's Catholic school is removing statues of Mary and Jesus because "it could be alienating" _LINKS_  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone)  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) August 25, 2017 Sister Maureen McInerney, prioress general of the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael, told the newspaper if there has been a reduction in the number of statues but there are still many statues around the campus, I think that would be fine. San Domenico is a Catholic school; it also welcomes people of all faiths, she added. It is making an effort to be inclusive of all faiths. Baby Jesus may not have been up to the schools standards, but it appears that St. Dominic did make the cut. Amy Skewes-Cox, who heads San Domenico Schools board of trustees, told the Independent Journal at least 18 icons remain on campus, including a statue of St. Dominic. If you walk on the campus and the first thing you confront is three or four statues of St. Dominic or St. Francis, it could be alienating for that other religion, and we didnt want to further that feeling, Skewes-Cox said. Despite the timing, she said this is a totally different issue than the controversy in Charlottesville over the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, insisting there is absolutely no connection other than it is change, and people have a hard time with change. But parents and alumni are not too pleased with the move. The one main statue that has everyone fired up is the baby Jesus and Mary one, said Kim Pipki. It was at the center of the primary school courtyard. Pipki, whose daughter left San Domenico two years ago, explained that the school had a ceremony that allowed children to place a crown on the statue of Mary. It was less about God and more about passing on some traditions, she said. People were shocked that the statues were pitched in the basement. Shannon Fitzpatrick, whose 8-year-old son attends San Domenico, went even further in her objection. Articulating an inclusive foundation appears to mean letting go of San Domenicos 167-year tradition as a Dominican Catholic school and being both afraid and ashamed to celebrate ones heritage and beliefs, she wrote in an email to the schools board of directors. In our time here, the word Catholic has been removed from the mission statement, sacraments were removed from the curriculum, the lower school curriculum was changed to world religions, the logo and colors were changed to be less Catholic, and the uniform was changed to be less Catholic, Fitzpatrick continued. Social media users were in full agreement with the parents heres a small sampling of responses from Twitter: Shame on the administration of this school. Where is the Bishop of the Diocese this school is in and why is he not stepping in? Shame on the administration of this school. Where is the Bishop of the Diocese this school is in and why is he not stepping in? _LINKS_  Ann Colvin-Smith (@eringobraugh62)  Ann Colvin-Smith (@eringobraugh62) August 26, 2017 Its a Catholic for God sake. If people get offended, they need to not be there. Disgrace putting away Jesus and Mary. Remember His warnings.  Margaret McCormick (@margaree5225)  Margaret McCormick (@margaree5225) August 25, 2017 2 Timothy 2:12 if we endure, we will also reign with Him; if we deny Him, He will also deny us;  karen (@toykaren)  karen (@toykaren) August 25, 2017 This seems ludicrous and foolish. The Dominicans should be ashamed of this shallow and ungodly behavior.  mtmmike (@vegaspm5)  mtmmike (@vegaspm5) August 25, 2017 Luke 12:9 But whoever denies Me before men will be denied before the angels of God.  karen (@toykaren)  karen (@toykaren) August 25, 2017 I cant wait to hear what Jesus has to say about this.  Tammy (@Twisty58)  Tammy (@Twisty58) August 26, 2017 Seems to me that it is no longer a Catholic School, just another private school hoping to attract students. Sad ..  Michael Mueller (@Dynostat)  Michael Mueller (@Dynostat) August 25, 2017 <N> A Historical Timeline of San Domenico School Click the above timeline panel to view the full timeline. 1850: Californians were celebrating admission to the Union, and the schools foundress, Mother Mary Goemaere, came from Paris to Monterey to open the first independent and first Catholic school in California, and to establish a tradition inseparably joined with this states history. 1854: the school moved to Benicia, then the capital of the state. During the ensuing thirty years, it became the center of culture and education for Californias young women. When Benicias importance as a population center began to decline, after the state capital moved to Sacramento, the sisters determined to move the school to a more central location in the Bay Area. 1889: the novitiate and boarding school were transferred to San Rafael. Despite extreme poverty during the first few years, the sisters kept up the high standards and traditions and enhanced the school's already distinguished reputation. 1965: the school moved to its present location in Sleepy Hollow, San Anselmo. 1973: San Domenico School begins a Pre-Kindergarten and Kindergarten program. 1985: the Alice Dupas Brown Library, serving all grade levels, is completed. 1994: our Sustainability project is inaugurated and became an important part of campus life. 2001: the School built the state-of-the-art Sister M. Maurice Powers Science and Technology Center. 2003: the Tamara A. Valley Athletic Center, featuring a 10,000 square foot gymnasium and workout room, and the Hall of the Arts, featuring a fine art gallery space, seven practice studios, and the Bettye Poetz Ferguson Hall, opened. 2004: the Carol Franc Buck Hall of the Arts was completed, including a fine art gallery space and housing our Music Conservatory and Virtuoso Program. 2005: our sustainable Garden of Hope expanded to include an outdoor kitchen and facilities for the care of poultry. 2009: 2,358 solar panels were installed on-site in partnership with Recurrent Energythe largest solar installation in a Marin school. 2011: San Domenico introduced a 1-to-1 iPad program in grades 6-12the first in Marin County to do so. SD is recognized as an Apple Distinguished School in 2012. 2014: the administration and board of directors, with the approval of the Dominican sisters, commit to extending coeducation through to the high school. 2015: the first ever coed Upper School freshmen class launches with 33 boys and 44 girls. 10th, 11th, and 12th grade students welcome the trailblazers with open arms, the results exceed everyone's expectations, and lead many to ask, "Why didn't we do this sooner?" 2015 also marks the beginning of our anniversary year: San Domenico's 50th year at the San Anselmo campus, and 165 years of Dominican Spirit as California's first independent school. 2016: inaugural Freshmen Boys Basketball team finishes the season 9 - 2. <N> "Music is a manifestation of the human spirit, similar to language. Its greatest practitioners have conveyed to mankind things not possible to say in any other language. Kodaly Music Program Kindergarten Music In Kindergarten we are building a fundamental knowledge of music and its basic concepts: rhythm, dynamics, pitch matching, basic form, timbre and instrument recognition, phrasing and understanding expressive elements. We work on recognizing a steady and divided beat through creative movement and listening. Students begin to develop voice flexibility through singing songs together. We listen to a variety of different music and work on identifying different kinds of voices and sounds and recognizing fast and slow, loud and soft and musical contour (high, low, up and down). As we progress through the curriculum, students will gain an understanding not only of the fundamental building blocks of music, but also an understanding of what they enjoy on a personal level. Students explore many different genres of music. We sing, move, and begin to read music as well as learn by ear. We explore instruments: xylophone, drums, bells, piano and of course, our own individual instrument, our voices. 1st Grade In 1st grade we are building a fundamental knowledge of music and its basic and more complex concepts: rhythm, note reading and identification, dynamics, pitch matching, form, timbre and instrument recognition, phrasing and understanding expressive elements. We work on understanding and recognizing a steady beat, note reading, beginning to identify different musical markings for concepts such as fast and slow (tempo terms) and loud and soft (dynamics). Students listen to and can begin to identify different orchestral instruments and types of voices. We start working on understanding musical form and digging deeper into rhythmic understanding and notation. As we progress through the curriculum, students will gain an understanding not only of the fundamental building blocks of music, but also an understanding of what they enjoy on a personal level. Students explore many different genres of music. We sing, move, and begin to read music as well as learn by ear. We explore instruments: xylophone, drums, bells, piano and of course, our own individual instrument, our voices. 2nd Grade In 2nd grade, we are building a fundamental knowledge of music and its basic and more complex concepts: rhythm, note reading and identification, dynamics, pitch matching, form, timbre and instrument recognition, phrasing and understanding expressive elements. Students begin to explore more complex rhythmic concepts, covering syncopation, a variety of rests, and rhythmic and tempo changes and meters. Vocally, we are expanding our range and are beginning to explore more interval leaps and scales. We are working at reading music and understanding its connection to the notes we are playing on an instrument or singing. As we progress through the curriculum, students will gain an understanding not only of the fundamental building blocks of music, but also an understanding of what they enjoy on a personal level. Students explore many different genres of music. We sing, move, and begin to read music as well as learn by ear. We explore instruments: xylophone, drums, bells, piano and of course, our own individual instrument, our voices. 3rd Grade In 3rd grade we are building a fundamental knowledge of music and its basic and more complex concepts: rhythm, note reading and identification, dynamics, pitch matching, form, timbre and instrument recognition, phrasing and understanding expressive elements. Students build on our solid rhythmic foundation to explore and understand more complex rhythmic concepts such as: different divided beats, rhythmic texture, syncopation and more complex meters. We work on understanding the solo and accompaniment form and are increasing our understanding of different musical forms. Vocally, we are expanding our range and are beginning to explore more interval leaps and scales. We are working at reading music and understanding its connection to the notes we are playing on an instrument or singing. Students explore many different genres of music. As we progress through the curriculum, they will gain an understanding not only of the fundamental building blocks of music, but also an understanding of what they enjoy on a personal level. We sing, move, and read music as well as learn by ear. Students explore instruments: xylophone, drums, bells, piano and of course, our own individual instrument, our voices. 4th Grade Chorus Chorus builds a solid foundation of music fundamentals: rhythm, note reading and identification, dynamics, pitch matching, form, phrasing and understanding expressive elements. We work on expanding our vocal flexibility, singing in harmony and unison, as well as understanding some of the theory behind what makes the music sound as it does. We will perform a variety of musical styles, including jazz, pop, classical, holiday music, gospel and folk tunes. 5th Grade Chorus Chorus builds a solid foundation of music fundamentals: rhythm, note reading and identification, dynamics, pitch matching, form, phrasing and understanding expressive elements. We work on expanding our vocal flexibility, singing in harmony and unison and reading music as well as understanding some of the theory behind what makes the music sound as it does. We will perform a variety of musical styles, including jazz, pop, classical, holiday music, gospel and folk tunes. <N> The San Domenico School math program is designed to help students develop their understanding of mathematical concepts and apply those principles to real world situations. We encourage all students to: Develop a solid foundation of math skills and procedures Look for patterns and develop an understanding of mathematics as the science of patterns as the science of patterns Communicate math ideas and questions effectively Use critical thinking and mathematical reasoning to solve routine and non-routine math problems routine and non-routine math problems Answer higher order thinking questions where problem solving is the focus Make connections within math, and between math and other subjects Maximize their curiosity, tenacity, and appreciation for math Take responsibility for their learning and be resourceful in seeking help when they need it Mathematics: Twelve Thinking Behaviors Through the math program at San Domenico Middle School, we endeavor to teach the following thinking behaviors: 1. Persistence 2. Overcoming impulsivity 3. Listening to others 4. Flexibility in thinking 5. Metacognition 6. Checking for accuracy & precision 7. Questioning and problem posing 8. Drawing on past knowledge applying it to new situations 9. Precision of language and thought 10. Using all the senses (includes sense of humor) 11. Ingenuity, originality, and insightfulness: creativity and metaphors 12. Wonderment, inquisitiveness, curiosity, and the enjoyment of problem solving What is Mathematics? Why Study It? From a presentation at the 2006 National Council of Teachers of Mathematics Conference in St. Louis, MO by Jim Rubillo, President of National Council of Teachers of Mathematics. Mathematics is not simply a set of rules, skills, and procedures. Rather, mathematics is characterized by the type of questions explored. Mathematics explores "life's questions" from a logical and quantitative point of view. People, in every field of endeavor, need mathematical skills and abilities to help them deal with questions similar to the following: A Non-Exhaustive List of Lifes Key Questions: How can this information be sorted, organized, grouped, compared, and visualized? What is the result of this series of actions? Are the steps reversible? Does it follow? Can you verify that fact? How can we be sure? Have we reached a maximum or minimum? Can things get better or worse? What's best? What are the possibilities? Have we missed something? What strategies are available? Is there a different way to look at the situation? What are the chances? What are the risks? Can we simulate or model the situation? A small part of the situation is visible, but what is "actually" there? Does a representative sample tell you as much about a population as a census? Is a sip as good as a gulp? Can you believe the Gallup Poll? Have We Reached the Maximum or Minimum? Can Things Get Better or Worse? The Fundamentals of Medicinal Dosage: A person takes one (1) unit of medicine every day. The medicine mixes quickly into the body's "water supply." The body replaces 25% of its water each day. How many units of the medicine are in the body after: one day? two days? 14 days? Why does this work? Are these figures accurate? Do the books balance? What's missing? What's extra? Is that result reasonable? Do I have enough resources to solve the problem? Are these two things related? Does one factor influence the other? What are the extremes? What is most likely? How much variation can we expect? What are the ground rules? What limits and opportunities do they impose? How is the situation changing? How much time will it take? Spreading, peaking and ending of a flu epidemic: Every flu epidemic has a "population of opportunity." The epidemic is spread "randomly" until the maximum number of susceptible people contract the flu and the epidemic is over." Everyone does not contract the flu. Only the susceptible people in the population of opportunity get sick. We take actions that attempt to reduce this "population of opportunity." Sample actions: immunization shots, isolation of infected people, sanitation, education on risk factors. How can we detect when the "growth of an uncontrolled epidemic" has peaked? How can we predict the maximum number of susceptible persons that will be infected? Will the proposed change really make a difference? How can we tell? What is our test? Is there a shortcut or a procedure (algorithm) to perform this task? What have we learned from our experiences? How can we improve the outcome? How precise must our work be? What does this table (or graph) say? How can we present this information? Is there a pattern here? What's next? Will this trend continue? How much is necessary to complete this task? Math Success Skills Get a can do attitude: If you can do it in sports, music, dance, etc., you can do it in math! Try not to let fear or negative experiences turn you off to math. Take responsibility for studying and recognizing what you do and don't know. Get help early, not just before a test! Try not to miss class. If you do miss class be sure to get a copy of the notes you missed from another student or your teacher, and check in with your teacher about what you missed. Pay attention in class or you may miss important steps to learning concepts. Ask questions in class! There are usually other students wanting to know the answers to the same questions you have. A word of warning Most lessons build on the previous ones, all year long. You must keep up with the class: attend class, take notes and do homework every day. Falling a day behind puts you at a disadvantage. Falling a week behind puts you in deep trouble. A word of encouragement Most lessons build on the previous ones, all semester long. You will always review previous material as you learn new material. Many of the ideas fit together. Paying attention in class and understanding the concepts and connections mean you don't have to memorize as much! These habits will not only give you an advantage on upcoming lessons but in high school, college, and beyond. <N> Upper School Curriculum Gather around an idea At San Domenico classes often resemble a college seminar: students and teacher grappling with ideas, sparking new insights, caught up in the give and take of reasoned arguments. Rarely will you see a straight lecture; Information is presented with intentional methodology, utilizing a myriad of platforms to engage all learning styles. These are the pursuits that forge a mature intellect, and prepare young men and women for all the conversations that lie ahead. Small class size, averaging 15 students, allows every voice to be heard. Explore the tapestry of human knowledge Coursework at SD weaves academic disciplines together to give a holistic view of human culture and thought. How has religion influenced the course of history? How do we see politics in art? When has literature encouraged social justice? Because systems of knowledge are interwoven, we invite our students to encounter ideas within the complex fields that created them, preparing their minds to weigh the many nuances in human reality. In pursuit of excellence and in support of academic curiosity, we encourage students to consider how diverse academic subjects offer distinct perspectives on our interconnectedness with all living things. As a result, we can guide our students in imaging and building a better world. Outings (a.k.a."Spring Discovery") Each year SD students enjoy a week of experiential learning called Spring Discovery. All freshmen attend the Freshman Experience, a week of local field trips and volunteer opportunities. Sophomores embark on an annual trip to Catalina Island with Naturalists at Large. Juniors and Seniors choose from a rotating range of offerings provided by our faculty and staff, that differ from year to year. An example of Spring Discovery options may include: New York Theatre Trip, The Art of Pilgrimage, Local Farm and Local Food, Biotechnology, Operation Happiness, Screen Printing, Martial Arts, Forensic Science. LEAF & STEM LEAF (Leadership Environmental Advocacy Focus) courses provide students with a coherent understanding of the interconnectedness of economic, social, and environmental issues and directly address these issues through the lenses of social justice and sustainability. STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) elective offerings allow students to take a deeper dive into science, technology, engineering, and mathsubjects collectively known as STEM (U.S. Department of Education). 2018-19 Curriculum Guide and Course Catalog <N> Dear San Domenico Community, What you read today is the result of several years of study and reflection by our entire SD community. SD2021 is a strategic plan that builds upon the richness of our 167-year history and guides us for the next five years. The process of developing SD2021 reflects our commitment to inclusivity and our core values of study, reflection, community, and service. This round of strategic planning began in 2012 with extensive demographic and market research, along with surveys and interviews of current parents, alumni, students, employees, board members, and Dominican Sisters. This foundational work led to extending coeducation through to our Upper School in 2013, as well as a thorough self-study to articulate the essential nature of our identity. In 2014, the Board retained planning consultant Kathy Hanson, who leads the Independent Schools division for the international advancement firm Marts & Lundy, to work with our full Board of Trustees to complete the Strategic Planning Process. Over the course of these past two years, the Strategic Planning Committee, chaired by Board member and current parent Graham Weaver, has worked diligently to complete this plan which will guide our School during this pivotal time in our history. During the 2015-16 school year, the Strategic Planning Committee and Ms. Hanson surveyed additional current parents, past parents, alumni, faculty, staff, and Dominican Sisters. We conducted interviews and meetings with members of the same constituent groups and we reflected on how to best serve our local community and the greater world. In addition, our Boards Marketing Committee and Mission Enhancement Committee provided commentary, perspective, and review. The Board of Trustees was also kept apprised of and reviewed developments at regular intervals. We are grateful for the many contributions each of these community members made toward the development of the final plan. Through our collaborative and inclusive process, we gathered the thoughts and opinions of more than 500 community members. After two years conferring, analyzing, synthesizing, and planning, the San Domenico Board of Trustees voted to approve this Strategic Plan on Monday, June 6, 2016, and SD2021 was established. With SD2021 our community has come together to establish a solid and exciting vision for the future of San Domenico. Key areas of focus include commitments to: Provide an increasingly vibrant educational experience by ensuring our core values of study, reflection, community, and service inform all of our programs. Strengthen San Domenicos identity as an Independent School and clearly articulate our inclusive spiritual foundation. Create a cohesive educational experience across all grades, inspiring families to remain at San Domenico through high school graduation. Attract, develop, and retain exceptional faculty who embody and support the mission and vision of San Domenico. Ensure San Domenicos long-term success through inspired governance and leadership, prudent financial management, dynamic student recruitment, bold philanthropic initiatives, and investment in facilities. The goals and strategies of SD2021 will serve as the roadmap by which our Board will set policies and measure progress and effectiveness. The implementation measures that our administrative team will develop within the framework of the adopted strategies will be fluid and responsive in order to reflect best practices in strategic planning. In January of this year, the Harvard Graduate School of Education released Turning the Tide, a report from a coalition of colleges including Harvard, Stanford, MIT, and Yale calling for a reconsideration of the college admissions process. The report emphasizes the need for a process that inspires concern for others, reduces achievement pressures, and creates greater equity for economically-diverse students, all hallmarks of a San Domenico education. SDs long-held commitment to social-emotional learning, service, stewardship, and social justice is perhaps more valuable than ever. We stand as leaders during this time of great change in the field of education and we thank all of you who help guide us along the way. As always, we welcome your questions and ideas. We move forward together. Amy Skewes-Cox 71 2016-2017 Board Chair Cecily Stock, 77, M.A., J.D. Head of School SD2021 STRATEGIC PLAN LEADERSHIP Thank you to the more than 500 San Domenico community members who informed this Plan. SD2021 Planning Committee Graham Weaver, Committee Chair, BOD Treasurer, and parent Sister Susan Allbritton, O.P., BOD, Mission Holding, ex officio Janet Reilly, BOD Vice Chair Richard E. Goldman, BOD and parent Amy Skewes-Cox 71, BOD Dan Babior, Director of High School Admissions Cindy Bollini, PSA President and parent Kimberly Pinkson, Director of Marketing and Communications Kate Reeser, Director of Teaching and Learning Paul P. Skip Spaulding, III, BOD Chair, ex officio and parent Cecily Stock 77, Head of School, ex officio David Wise, Chief Financial Officer 2015-2016 Board of Trustees Paul P. Skip Spaulding, III Board Chair Janet Reilly Vice Chair Graham Weaver Treasurer June Sullivan Secretary Sister Susan Allbritton, O.P. Mission Holding, ex officio Joseph T. Arsenio, II Richard P. Bollini, II James F. Buckley, Jr. Mary Buie Colin Bruce Campbell Philip Bernet Clark, II Sister Margaret Diener, O.P. Christopher Doerschlag Kelly Fogarty Sandra Gerner Richard E. Goldman Patricia Grubb Christopher S. Lane Jeffrey F. Ludlow Sister Susannah Malarkey, O.P. 48 James L. OHara Mary-Peck Peters 77 Leslie Reese 87 Elizabeth Wilhelm Schott 75 Amy Skewes-Cox 71 Cathie Bennett Warner Additional thanks to SD English teachers Sonya Evans and Kaitlyn Gallagher Mission Enhancement Committee June Sullivan, Chair Sister Susan Allbritton, O.P. Patricia Grubb Sister Susannah Malarkey, O.P. 48 Elizabeth Wilhelm Schott Paul P. Skip Spaulding, III, ex officio Kathleen Toney STAFF John Berry Shelley Flint Sally Jaeger Mirza Khan LeaAnne Parlette Kate Reeser Carrie Robley Cecily Stock Sister Gervaise Valpey, O.P. Marketing Committee Janet Reilly, Chair Christopher Doerschlag Kelly Fogarty Richard E. Goldman James Gassel Lisa Hilgers Paul P. Skip Spaulding, III, ex officio Cathie Bennett Warner STAFF Dan Babior Jennie Nash Kimberly Pinkson Cecily Stock Laura Volovski MISSION STATEMENT Dedicated to being Californias leading independent school, serving Kindergarten through twelfth grade students of all faiths, San Domenico is committed to excellence in education, preparing the next generation of global leaders. Founded in 1850 by the Dominican Sisters, San Domenico reflects our Dominican Catholic heritage which calls us to uphold the values of study, reflection, service and community. In the Dominican tradition of Veritas (truth), We inspire inquiry and provide a strong academic foundation for lifelong intellectual growth. We explore and develop the unique gifts of each individual in mind, heart, body, and spirit. We celebrate diversity, recognizing God's presence in ourselves and in all of creation. We recognize what it means to be human in a global community and respond with integrity to the needs and challenges of our time. <N> anongroup) Human embryos left over from IVF fertilization Human embryos left over from IVF fertilization are now being used to create jewelry, shocking and angering many. The Australian company, Baby Bee Hummingbirds, is known for creating keepsakes out of things such as umbilical cords and breast-milk. The companys founder, Amy McGlade said I dont believe there is any other business in the world that creates jewelry from human embryos, and I firmly believe that we are pioneering the way in this sacred art, and opening the possibilities to families around the world. Find Out More > 93,147 She said the idea gives parents the everlasting tangible keepsake of a loved one that you can have forever. A writer disturbed by this idea, Simcha Fischer responded to the company founders statement of what a better way to celebrate your most treasured gift, your child, than through jewelry, saying: Well, you could let him live, I suppose. You could allow him the basic dignity of spending time in the womb of his mother, to live or not, to grow or not, but at least to have a chance. You could celebrate the life of your child by giving him some small gift of warmth and softness, however brief, rather than letting him travel in an insulated pouch from lab to lab, frozen and sterile from beginning to end. You could conceive a child so as to give him life, and you could rise like a human should above the blind proliferation of biology. The concept of being pro-life or not pro-life is a difficult one to discuss. Leftover human embryos from IVF procedures are being turned into jewelry by the Australian company, Baby Bee Hummingbirds While recognizing that people should have a right to do what they will with their bodies and no government should use force against them for it, it could be considered dehumanizing to make art out of what could have been a human being. Do you think this is disrespectful or a harmless work of art? Related Items: Jewelry Comments <N> 10K Like The Australian company, Baby Bee Hummingbirds, is known for creating keepsakes out of things such as umbilical cords and breast-milk. The companys founder, Amy McGlade said I dont believe there is any other business in the world that creates jewelry from human embryos, and I firmly believe that we are pioneering the way in this sacred art, and opening the possibilities to families around the world. Find Out More > 98,082 A writer disturbed by this idea, Simcha Fischer responded to the company founders statement of what a better way to celebrate your most treasured gift, your child, than through jewelry, saying: Well, you could let him live, I suppose. You could allow him the basic dignity of spending time in the womb of his mother, to live or not, to grow or not, but at least to have a chance. You could celebrate the life of your child by giving him some small gift of warmth and softness, however brief, rather than letting him travel in an insulated pouch from lab to lab, frozen and sterile from beginning to end. You could conceive a child so as to give him life, and you could rise like a human should above the blind proliferation of biology. The concept of being pro-life or not pro-life is a difficult one to discuss. While recognizing that people should have a right to do what they will with their bodies and no government should use force against them for it, it could be considered dehumanizing to make art out of what could have been a human being. Do you think this is disrespectful or a harmless work of art? . She said the idea gives parents the everlasting tangible keepsake of a loved one that you can have forever. <N> The difficult decision of what to do with the unused embryos after a cycle of IVF has been solved by an innovative Australian company. New app allows IVF patients to see growing embryos New app allows IVF patients to see growing embryos 00:04:42 After a six-year IVF journey to receive miracles Lachlan, 4, and 21-month-old twins Charlotte and William, Belinda and Shaun Stafford didnt know what to do with their remaining embryos. Their babies. Donation wasnt an option, the annual storage fee was an added financial strain, and disposing of them unimaginable. So when the NSW couple heard about Baby Bee Hummingbirds, an Australian company turning embryos into keepsake jewelley, they jumped at the chance. Now Ms Stafford has all of her babies with her every day  including seven embryos in her heart-shaped pendant worn close to her heart, always. Belinda and Shaun's embryos were turned into a beautiful necklace. Source: Supplied Belinda and Shaun had a difficult time with their IVF. Source: supplied The couple looked into donation of their embryos but found the emotional toll too much Shaun and I started thinking of having kids fairly early and realised quite quickly something was a miss, so we went to see doctors and had genetics testing to find we couldn't have children without IVF, the 31-year-old told Kidspot. LISTEN: Everything IVF (Post continues after audio...) Our journey took a lot longer than most, but after seven cycles we had our first son Lachlan. Then we started trying for a second, it took another seven cycles only to be surprised with two little miracles, Charlotte and William. After completing our family, we looked into the donation of our remaining embryos. I wanted to keep having more babies but the emotional toll, plus financially it was too much. Donating our embryos wasn't an option for us and I couldn't justify the yearly storage fee. I'd heard others had planted them in the garden but we move a lot, so I couldn't do this. I needed them with me. The keepsakes are created through embryo straws. Source: supplied. Families say the jewellery gives them comfort and joy. Source: Supplied She now carries her babies with her everywhere she goes Ms Stafford chose a heart pendant through Baby Bee Hummingbirds, so she could carry her babies close to her heart, where they should be. We had been on a six-year journey of IVF, she said. It was painful, tormenting, a strain on our marriage and just plain hard. Finding this has brought me so much comfort and joy. I finally at peace and my journey complete. My embryos were my babies - frozen in time. When we completed our family, it wasn't in my heart to destroy them. Now they are forever with me in a beautiful keepsake. The company create jewellery from many different things. Source: supplied. The company use breastmilk, placenta, ashes or embryos to make their designs Amy McGlade, founder of Baby Bee Hummingbird, said since starting in 2014, they have crafted over 4000 pieces of jewellery using breastmilk, placenta, hair, ashes, or cord stumps  including 50 made with embryos. They cost anywhere from $80 to $600, depending on the piece, and can be sent worldwide. I don't believe there is any other business in the world that creates jewellery from human embryos, and I firmly believe that we are pioneering the way in this sacred art, and opening the possibilities to families around the world. Ms McGlade, who has been a midwife for 10 years, said families send them embryo straws which the company expertly preserves and cremates, creating a type of embryo ash. We are experts in preserving DNA so that it can be set in a jewellers grade resin, she said. We knew the costs of storage are huge, and donation isn't always possible or wanted solution. The families we craft for are very educated, loving people who are aware of the options. We are giving them another option. It's special because the embryos often signifying the end of a journey, and we are providing a beautiful and meaningful way to gently close the door. Reactions from families who understand the journey are amazing and heartfelt. They are so grateful for our service. What a better way to celebrate your most treasured gift, your child, than through jewellery? Its about the everlasting tangible keepsake of a loved one that you can have forever. Belinda and Shaun Stafford's twins. Source: supplied New app allows IVF patients to see growing embryos 16938 New app allows IVF patients to see growing embryos New app allows IVF patients to see growing embryos <N> Abigail Dodds is a wife and mother of five. Shes a regular contributor to Desiring God and blogs at hopeandstay.com . She is the author of (A)Typical Woman: Free, Whole, and Called in Christ (Crossway, 2019). Abigail Dodds is a wife and mother of five. Shes a regular contributor to Desiring God and blogs at hopeandstay.com . She is the author of (A)Typical Woman: Free, Whole, and Called in Christ (Crossway, 2019). Some of the strangest news Ive ever seen came across my screen this week. A company in Australia is turning frozen embryo children into jewelry for their parents to wear. Previously Baby Bee Hummingbirds had been making jewelry out of mothers breastmilk and placentas. Now, the company has turned its attention to frozen human embryos embryos that couples choose not to implant in the mothers uterus and no longer want to store or donate. To put it plainly, theyre making trinkets out of discarded children. Founder Amy McGlade says, I dont believe there is any other business in the world that creates jewelery from human embryos, and I firmly believe that we are pioneering the way in this sacred art, and opening the possibilities to families around the world. . . .What a better way to celebrate your most treasured gift, your child, than through jewelery? Babies, Not Trinkets Drs. Paul and Susan Lim have argued compellingly that we dont donate humans; we donate objects: furniture, money, cars. Twisting language like this obscures whats really going on in the industry of In Vitro Fertilization (IVF). As the Lims own story shows, embryos are human. The proof is in their youngest daughter, adopted as an embryo, with her own genetic makeup, her own hands, feet, brain, and personality. She now lives a fully human life, and existed as a frozen embryo before they knew her. One Australian mother, who carries the ashes of her embryos in a heart pendant, candidly says, My embryos were my babies  frozen in time. She remarks, I needed them with me. The author of the article also overtly affirms that the embryos are babies whom parents should honor. Try as they may, advocates of this new trend cant help but say what they know deep down to be true: these are babies. Ms. Stafford chose a heart pendant through Baby Bee Hummingbirds, so she could carry her babies close to her heart, where they should be. And yet, thats not where they should be. God designed embryos to live inside a mothers womb for protection and growth. They are not supposed to be incinerated and hung round a mothers neck, no matter how close to the heart they hang. How do we love embryos? By allowing them to keep living and growing. Baby Bee Hummingbirds Facebook page responds to criticism by saying, Please only read with love and respect. The families we craft for are truly aware of the various worldwide options for embryos in storage. They are informed, educated, and loving people who have made an educated decision. This is part of what makes embryo jewelry so breathtakingly surreal. Educated and wealthy married couples are choosing to turn their children into wearable ornaments. In the process, they attempt to make death into something precious. A Time to Question IVF has become the default option physicians suggest for couples struggling with infertility, yet it has gone largely unquestioned in the broader Christian world. Now is the time to begin raising serious questions, if we havent already. The ethical issues are many, including the historic disregard for life in creating the procedure and the ongoing disregard for life as the techniques continue to develop. The mass majority of IVF not only destroys human life; it conceives life it knows will be destroyed. Add to this the gigantic financial incentive doctors have to perform IVF, and Christians ought to openly, articulately, and lovingly challenge the mainstream of this approach to conceiving children. As Christians, we also need to equip ourselves to understand and guide parents who have frozen embryos in limbo. We must be able to point them to a better way of celebrating their children than turning them into necklaces. Lets remind parents that, rather than wearing babies around their necks, they could clasp their arms around their children as they tuck them in and hug them goodnight. Instead of petrifying their children in stones around their wrists, they could hold their hands to cross the street. We must value all human life as a precious gift from God. We also must be willing to help those who have frozen their embryos  whether unwittingly in ignorance or with a stinging conscience  to know that their frozen children are, or were, just that: their children. And we stand ready to offer them the hope of the gospel. Savior of the Weak and Wicked Whatever sons and daughters have been lost in IVF, they are not lost to God. Just as hundreds of thousands of embryonic humans sit frozen and utterly vulnerable to the whims of adult humans, there is One who became vulnerable for us, whose beginnings were the same as theirs. Our Savior Jesus, true God of true God, became an embryo for us. Jesus became poor and weak, even to the point of death. And he subjected himself to the whims of adult humans, too. But no one took his life from him  he laid it down willingly. He died for our guilt, the guilt thats more than just a feeling, but a true status. Gods Son Jesus received our punishment through his death on a cross, and God raised him from the dead, so that we can be forgiven and set free to love him. We can even be forgiven for creating children with the knowledge that some of them will be killed at our word. Lets call everyone, all the guilty, the people that we once were, to turn from their wicked ways and trust Jesus. Lets speak into the confusion of our culture with the truth that a childs death is never sentimental and never precious. And lets help rescue children who are perishing, rather than turning them into an accessory for their parents to wear. <N> Now You Can Turn Extra Embryos into Jewelry! Now on sale with a coupon code. I'll admit that I had to read this headline twice (or three times) because I thought it had to be a twisted joke. Sadly, it's not. Ready for it? "Couples are turning extra IVF embryos into jewelry." A website unironically named KidSpot says "Couples are Turning Extra IVF Embryos into Jewelry." After a six-year IVF journey to receive miracles Lachlan, 4, and 21-month-old twins Charlotte and William, Belinda and Shaun Stafford didnt know what to do with their remaining embryos. Their babies. Donation wasnt an option, the annual storage fee was an added financial strain, and disposing of them unimaginable. So when the NSW couple heard about Baby Bee Hummingbirds, an Australian company turning embryos into keepsake jewelley, they jumped at the chance. Now Ms Stafford has all of her babies with her every day  including seven embryos in her heart-shaped pendant worn close to her heart, always. The mom said the financial strain would be too much to keep the embryos alive in perpetuity so the couple considered planting the embryos in a garden. But she said they move too much and she couldn't bear to leave them behind. Hence, the necklace. In quotes that sound like a commercial for jewelry made from embryos, the mother said: My embryos were my babies - frozen in time. When we completed our family, it wasnt in my heart to destroy them. Now they are forever with me in a beautiful keepsake. Amy McGlade, founder of Baby Bee Hummingbird, said that while they make thousands of keepsakes that include breast milk over placenta, they've made over 50 pieces of jewelry made of embryos in the past few years. I dont believe there is any other business in the world that creates jewellery from human embryos, and I firmly believe that we are pioneering the way in this sacred art, and opening the possibilities to families around the world, she said. Did she just say "sacred art?" Make. It. Stop. The more I read the more horrified I became. But wait, it gets worse. According to the group's Facebook page, they're running a sale! The families we craft for are truly aware of the various world wide options for Embryos in storage. They are informed, educated & loving people who have made an educated decision.       We are absolute experts & true original leaders in Embryo Ashes  DNA Jewellery. This is an exclusive concept unique Baby Bee Hummingbirds. We are working with a number of local & international fertility clinics to raise awareness of this option for families. The next step in to create educational tools & information packs suitable reflective of this exclusive art. We are therefore offering 15% off all Embryo Ashes Jewellery. We hope this will make the process more affordable & easier on families. It is our wish that we can have these pieces professionally photographed & used for our resources. EMBRYO15 This is the code. It only applies to pieces crafted with Embryos & will help raise much needed awareness. Here's a rule of thumb. Any time someone talks about "extra" humans, take a step back. (Yes Bill Nye, you too.) When I consider where we are as a culture and how confused we are, in the end it really is so simple. Do we believe God created each and every human being? Do we believe life is sacred? Not just important. Sacred. Priceless. (And fyi, priceless means you can't run a sale on it.) I understand the sorrow of failed pregnancies. The pain of the family featured in that article is real. I have held in my hands my own stillborn child. My heart breaks for those with failed pregnancies or those unable to have children. I know of a family that after several failed pregnancies opted for IVF and they now have a wonderful baby girl whom they adore. But now the mother is unable to carry children due to complications and they have these "extra" embryos frozen. They don't know what to do about them. Unfreeze them? Let them die? Keep them frozen? Heartbreaking decisions. I'm sure those who contact the company selling embryo necklaces are truly seeking solace. But healing comes from Christ, not a keepsake. There are no good solutions in cases like these for what to do with frozen embryos. Even when one of those solutions is on sale. <N> NewsBioethics May 8, 2017   The Australian company that says it has pioneered a process to make frozen human embyros into jewelry is facing backlash after a story on it went viral last week. Baby Bee Hummingbird, started by midwife Amy McGlade in 2014, has crafted 50 pieces of jewelry from embryo straws, which it preserves and cremates, making an embryo ash that can be preserved in resin, according to a report in Kidspot. I dont believe there is any other business in the world that creates jewelry from human embryos, and I firmly believe that we are pioneering the way in this sacred art, and opening the possibilities to families around the world, McGlade told Kidspot. The jewelry costs $80 to $600, depending on the piece, and can be sent worldwide. The article featured couple Belinda and Shaun Stafford, who used IVF to conceive a son, now four, and a twin boy and girl, who are almost two. They didnt know what to do with the seven frozen embryos they had left. Donating our embryos wasnt an option for us and I couldnt justify the yearly storage fee, Belinda told Kidspot. Id heard others had planted them in the garden, but we move a lot, so I couldnt do this. So they opted to have the babies made into jewelry  in this case, a heart-shaped pendant. My embryos were my babies  frozen in time. When we completed our family, it wasnt in my heart to destroy them, Belinda told Kidspot.  Now they are forever with me in a beautiful keepsake. Baby Bee Hummingbirds Facebook page says it is offering 15 percent off all Embryo Ashes Jewelry. We hope this will make the process more affordable & easier on families. Its clear the company has been dealing with backlash from the Kidspot story. Wesley Smith decried the practice in National Review as illustrating the crassness of our age. Matthew Archbold wrote in the National Catholic Register that he had to read this headline twice (or three times) because I thought it had to be a twisted joke. Sadly, it's not. Added Archbold: The more I read the more horrified I became. A post on Baby Bee Hummingbirds Facebook last Wednesday said it was taking a small break and going offline until tomorrow after a very draining 48 hours. Two days later came the following response:  t r u t h  l o v e  r e s p e c t  Truth  Many of you would be aware of the traumatic & soul destroying week we have endured. The truth is we have received thousands of vile, cruel & unimaginable emails & messages. Death threats & hate have flooded our accounts ( & yes it will take a long time to delete & filter true enquiries ). Those that have chosen to spread hate are not our people. They are not the people we would create for. They are uneducated in our craft or the many reasons behind our " why". We have chosen not to respond to a single word. We will continue to ban & delete. It wouldn't help or ease their destructive paths. Those that know us & understand my passion for capturing all memories are our people - you are our beloved tribe & the reason I do what I do. We will not stop. Love  We always craft & create with love. It's simple. We follow our hearts & those that seek our service. Respect  We have literally built this business from the ground. We have sacrificed & given everything we have. We are respectful to those who opinions differ. We will not respond. We will create a safe place for ourselves & the families we create for. We invite you to join our  CLOSED GROUP  This will be a highly monitored, nurturing & safe environment. We truly can't thank you all enough for your words of wisdom, support & love. We hope you continue to follow our journey. As of Monday we will be back doing what we love ( with some help, so we can quickly filter our mail ). Comments on the page defended the companys exclusive concept. Reads one post: Unless you've been the IVF route SHUT YOUR UNEDUCATED MOUTH! If you've no part of this journey, You don't know anything. You don't know, Unless you live this horrific journey. Says another: Its not a baby yet, it's a bunch of cells. ... I'm also infertile and relied on donor eggs for me to have my family. I personally would rather wear my embryo around my neck then it get thrown down the sink (because that's what happens believe it or not). And another: How do you get the embrio's? Would we have to give you permission? I'm interested as we have 6 frosties we are still paying storage for. According to Pope Saint John Paul II: A persons rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use. Ultimately, IVF turns the human person, made in the image and likeness of God, into a commodity. The problem is so evidently apparent and sickening that its hard to know where to start, says Marie-Claire Bissonnette, youth coordinator at Campaign Life Coalition. That parents would make jewelry from the human embryos they created by in vitro fertilization is emotional, narcissistic, unnatural and utilitarian, she told LifeSiteNews. Theres no consideration for the babies, just how the parents feel. This is the antithesis of parenting: killing your children and using their bodies to create frivolous tokens in the name of keeping them close, she added. When I consider where we are as a culture and how confused we are, in the end it really is so simple. Do we believe God created each and every human being? Do we believe life is sacred? Not just important. Sacred. Priceless, wrote Archbold. There are no good solutions in cases like these for what to do with frozen embryos. Even when one of those solutions is on sale, he added. Healing comes from Christ, not a keepsake. <N> Frequently Asked Questions What is Crayola ColorCycle? Crayola is all about innovative solutions ~ in particular for kids and the environment. ColorCycle is our latest sustainability initiative designed to repurpose Crayola markers. Can any markers be sent in or just Crayola brand markers? Crayola ColorCycle will accept all brands of plastic markers, not just Crayola markers. That includes dry erase markers and highlighters! ColorCycle will eliminate placing hundreds of tons of markers into landfills. Who can participate in the ColorCycle program? Is it available to schools outside of the United States? Any school, kindergarten through 12th grade in the contiguous 48 United States and some areas in Canada can participate. Unfortunately, there are geographic areas that are not included at this time. Please check the ColorCycle registration page to see if your postal code is included in our Canadian program. Why are consumers, daycare centers and preschools not eligible to participate? We are hoping to roll out the program to include home schools, daycares and preschools in the future. In the meantime, please feel free to contact your local school and if they are already participating, you can drop off your used markers there. If your local school is not participating, encourage them to do so by visiting www.crayola.com/colorcycle. How do I get a program started at my school? It is easy to do! Just visit our registration page to sign up or log-in and get started today. An adult must be the school contact. In just a few easy steps, you can begin to collect markers and print out a label for shipping. This program is free to the schools. Contact your principal or PTO to get them signed up and begin collecting markers. You will find a printable poster and a parent letter on the website that you can use to get things started at your school! How do I package the markers for shipping? How many markers can we send? Any sturdy cardboard box with minimal outer markings will work. The more markers you ship, the more efficient this program will be. We suggest a minimum of 100 markers and a maximum of up to 40 pounds. Where do I get a mailing label for the box? Go to www.crayola.com/colorcycle to print a Crayola pre-paid FedEx shipping label for delivery of the collected markers to the facility for repurposing. How can I find out more about ColorCycle and other Crayola environmental initiatives? For more information about the ColorCycle program, visit www.crayola.com/colorcycle. Visit our Green Initiatives page to read more about all of Crayolas other environmental initiatives including our 30-acre solar farm. When registering my school name and address, I receive an error message that tells me to verify the address and try again. My information is correct. What do I do now? The "school name" field is limited to 100 characters. If you believe you have typed more than 100 characters, shorten or abbreviate your school name and try again. I am having a difficult time viewing or printing my shipping label. Any suggestions? We have found that IE 8 does not work well for viewing and printing shipping labels. If you are using Internet Explorer, try another browser such as Mozilla Firefox or Chrome. In addition, make sure you have "Allow Pop Ups" selected in your browser and that Acrobat Reader is installed. FedEx hasn't come to pick up our marker collection. Can you help us? Any FedEx representative who visits your school can accept your markers for recycling. If you do not have a regular FedEx pick up, you can: <N> A Niagara Falls manufacturer that converts waste plastic into clean liquid fuel is teaming with art supplies brand Crayola to recycle old markers. WBFO'S Eileen Buckley talks with John Bordynuik, founder of JBI, Inc. in Niagara Falls, N.Y. JBI, Inc. is joining Crayola to launch the COLORCYCLE program, which converts the markers into clean energy. The program is conducted through out the U.S. in participating K-12 schools. John Bordynuik, who founded JBI, says the company has already recycled several hundreds of thousands of pounds of Crayola products. "Markers, inherently, are very difficult to recycle because there are so many different types of plastic in a package. And because the markers have to be safe for small children, they can't easily take them apart. So recycling in the past has been fairly difficult," Bordynuik says. The company founder says the program is fairly simple. "Schools gather and collect markers and small crayon chunks. They put them in a box, FedEx delivers them to our site in Niagara Falls, New York, and we process them in a machine," he says. JBI uses an environmentally-friendly and cost-effective process to convert waste plastics into clean fuel. The fuels are used in boilers and ships and can be blended with additives to make gasoline. Schools can go Crayola's website to get involved in the program. <N> Published: 07:34 EDT, 6 August 2017 | Updated: 05:01 EDT, 7 August 2017 Melbourne teenager has been left with dozens of tiny bites on his feet and legs that wouldn't stop bleeding, after simply wading in the ocean. Sam Kanizay, 16, was soaking his legs in the water at Dendy Street Beach in Brighton, Melbourne, on Saturday evening when he said he felt his legs tingling. He told Fairfax Media he presumed it was because his legs were sore from playing football and the water was cold. But after coming out of the water about 30 minutes later, he found his legs were covered in tiny sores which were oozing with blood. Sam Kanizay, 16, emerged from the ocean where he had been soaking his legs to find dozens of tiny bites that would not stop bleeding Pictured: Sam was treated by medical staff at two hospitals over the weekend, who could not stem the bleeding It is believed Sam has dozens of pin prick-sized bites on his feet and legs (pictured) 'My first instinct was that I must have stepped on a rock,' he said. 'But I realised that couldn't have been it, because it was evenly distributed over my whole ankle and foot.' After attempts to stop the bleeding were unsuccessful, the teenager spent his weekend at two different hospitals, where doctors also tried and failed to stop the sores from bleeding. One nurse advised the bites could be from sea lice, but it was no more than a 'guess'. WHAT ARE SEA LICE? Pictured: A sea louse Sea lice which cause tiny, pin-prick like bites are a miniscule jellyfish or stinger larvae. They have the same stinging cells as an adult jellyfish, though they can only attack a small area because of their size. Source: Oceanfit . Sam's father Jarrod said the teenager was a 'stoic kid' and he was expecting his son to make a full recovery A nurse told the teenager the bites might have been from sea lice, but she was only guessing Sam's father Jarrod said his son's injury 'fascinated' all of the staff working in the emergency room at Sandringham Hospital. 'They were all on Google afterwards, hypothesising as to what happened,' he said. 'They pretty much had 10 different hypotheses but nothing yet.' Mr Kanizay told Daily Mail Australia on Sunday night the bleeding had finally stopped, and he had high hopes for a quick and full recovery. 'Sam is a stoic kid, so he will be fine,' he said. Sam told News Corp he would probably use the pool to ice his legs in the future, but it wouldn't keep him away from the beach completely. 'Plenty of people go for a swim in there so it's probably just a one-off thing,' he said. <N> Saints midfielder Koby Stevens joked that "I've still got my feet today" because "the whole group got the message of the young bloke who nearly had his feet eaten off down at the beach." On Monday afternoon, Museums Victoria helped shed light on the incident. It confirmed [the queasy can stop reading this sentence now] that, yes, tiny flesh-eating creatures were probably behind the attack. Museum marine scientist Dr Genefor Walker-Smith has examined specimens collected by Sam's father, Jarrod Kanizay  using bites of meat as lures  at Brighton on Sunday night, and said the creatures were sea fleas, not sea lice as first thought. Sam Kanizay rests in hospital after being bitten while soaking his legs after a footy match. Photo: Scott McNaughton Yes, these tiny (half-a-centimetre to one-centimetre long) carnivores will feed on human flesh, but Dr Walker-Smith said there was no cause for alarm. She said the number of bites sustained by 16-year-old Sam was unusual and a swarm of fleas might have been attracted by a cut in his skin, or Sam might have stepped near a fish carcass they were feeding on. Sam at Sandringham hospital on Saturday night. Photo: Jarrod Kanizay Sea fleas are scavenging amphipod crustaceans belonging to the lysianassid group. The bad news is that they're found all over Port Phillip Bay and all over the world in hundreds of species. "They're there all the time; you could put a piece of meat in the water, anywhere in the bay, and you could find them," Dr Walker-Smith said. But she wouldn't recommend closing the beach, and said people shouldn't stop swimming there. "I think this is quite a rare thing. I really just think [Sam] was in the wrong place at the wrong time, probably." Dr Walker-Smith would be happy to swim at Brighton beach herself but suggested that swimmers watch out for dead fish lying around and be "careful where you put your feet". She said it was not surprising that Sam's bleeding would not stop  this symptom had been seen in bite cases from crustaceans before, although she hadn't heard of it among crustaceans in this group. "It is possible that the amphipod has an anti-coagulant that it released like leeches do, so it stops the blood from clotting." Dr Walker-Smith said sea fleas inhabited colder and warmer water, and were more active at night, to avoid fish predators . "It probably did make it worse that [Sam] was standing still; they may not have been able to cling on too tightly if he had been moving through the water. They're used to eating dead things still on the bottom [the ocean floor]." In response to some of the more out-there social media comments, she had "no idea" if the attack was related to the full moon and said it wasn't related to bans on fishing in Port Phillip Bay. She planned to keep some of the Brighton sea fleas pickled in alcohol and invite Sam in future to "have a closer look at them under the microscope". "We'll keep them as a record of this event and try and identify them down to a species, which will take a little bit of time." Paul Duckett, a daily swimmer with the Brighton Icebergers since 2001, said what had happened to Sam was bizarre and locals had asked his group whether they would still swim on Monday. But the dozen or so winter regulars had "shrugged it off" and swam straight out as normal from Dendy Street beach. "We're probably too gritty and tough and old for those creatures to worry about," he said. "We swim there every day and we're in the water for anything from 15 to 30 minutes, and no one's ever experienced anything like this," he said. A Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning spokesman said sea fleas were a "common and natural part of a healthy marine ecosystem" that "keep our marine waters clean by consuming dead and dying marine animals". "DELWP advises swimmers to wear a wetsuit with boots to reduce the risk of being exposed to sea fleas and avoid swimming at night. " How to protect yourself from sea fleas <N> The result is a stomach-churning video showing dozens of sea fleas devouring Mr Kanizay's bait. "We found thousands of little mite-type creatures in our net," Mr Kanizay said. "We put them in an Esky and brought them home and looked at them intently and let them swim in white dishes with red meat. "Interestingly, overnight they've essentially all clung to the meat and have been busy overnight eating it." Sam Kanizay's feet after he emerged from the water at Brighton Beach. Photo: Supplied Sam, 16, continues his recovery at Dandenong Hospital after doctors struggled for most of Sunday to control the bleeding. Mr Kanizay said staff at both Dandenong Hospital and Sandringham Hospital, where Sam was first taken, were stumped by the case. Sea fleas tucking in to some steak. Photo: Supplied "They took a biopsy yesterday to make sure there are no critters living inside. "One would assume no and that he's going to be fine but we're taking every precaution. "Both at Sandringham Hospital and also Dandenong Hospital, no one had seen anything like this before and they're all pretty fascinated by it." 'There are a lot of bait fish around' Brighton Iceberger Paul Duckett, who swims at the same Dendy Street beach every day, said the alleged sea fleas incident was "bizarre" and locals had asked his group whether they would still swim on Monday. But the dozen or so winter regulars had "shrugged it off" and, despite the extreme cold, swam straight out as normal from the beach. "We're probably too gritty and tough and old for those creatures to worry about," he said. Mr Duckett, who's been swimming at Brighton since 2001, admitted "the amount of blood shown" in the photos of Sam was bizarre and what had caused it was a mystery. "We swim there every day and we're in the water for anything from 15 to 30 minutes, and no one's ever experienced anything like this," he said. "There are a lot of bait fish around at the moment so whether there's some smaller creature that the bait fish are chasing ... " Mr Duckett said in summer you get the "occasional" sea louse, but he believed they were normally present in warm water, and caused itchiness, not bleeding. "This was a first, so that's why I query whether it's sea fleas or some other creature that have caused the issue." He said his group saw a shark about once or twice a year  "sometimes they swim right under us, they're not big". They see sting rays "every day, either lying on the bottom or swimming underneath us". Several regular stingrays are between one and 1.5 metres wide but Mr Duckett does not believe they're dangerous. "You leave them alone, they leave you alone," he said. However a fellow Iceberger had once stood on a stingray lying in the sand and got a barb through his foot. "The wound swelled up and he was in a lot of pain." They soaked the foot in hot water, cleaned the wound and took the man to hospital, but there wasn't much bleeding. He said on weekends, Dendy Street was a popular beach for footballers and netballers to use to recover from aches and pains. 'They're scavengers' While sea fleas are suspected of being the creatures that bit Sam's legs, it's still unclear who is responsible for investigating the matter. The Environment Protection Authority only does water monitoring in summer and will only become involved if the issue is pollution-related. The Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning told Fairfax Media it couldn't become involved as the cause was yet to be identified. Mr Kanizay said Sam was "in good spirits" and said he hoped a marine expert would come forward in the coming days to establish what sort of creature ate his son's legs so it "doesn't happen to anyone else". "We're a really positive family and we expect a full recovery," he said. University of Melbourne marine biologist Professor Michael Keough said sea fleas were a possibility. "They're scavengers who'll clean up dead fish and feed on living tissue," Professor Keough said. "They're mostly less than a centimetre long, and so the bites they make are pretty small, and so that's more consistent with pinprick size marks." Loading "It's just food for them. Especially if he's been standing around for a long time, it's the chance for more of them to come in and start biting. <N> A 16-year-old boy was left with profusely bleeding legs after being bitten by what is believed to have been a swarm of tiny carnivorous sea creatures in Australia. Sam Kanizay went to Dendy Street beach in Brighton, Melbourne, following a game of football, and entered the water only to feel a tingling sensation. I wasnt really thinking about being eaten, he told ABC News. However, when he came out of the water after about half an hour, he saw his legs were covered in blood. He said: I walked out of the water, saw what I thought was sand covering my ankles and lower calf so I just shook it off violently and it came off. By the time I walked across the sand, about 20 metres, to put my thongs on, I looked down and noticed I had blood all over my ankles and feet. I didnt really know what to think of it, it was a bit of a shock. A bit of a random thing to see. The bleeding had not stopped by the time he had walked home, where his father, Jarrod, was taken aback by the state of his sons legs. My dad gave me this funny stare and I gave him a stare because we both just had no clue what was going on, Sam said. His father could not stop the heavy bleeding, which came from small holes on the lower part of his leg, and took his son to hospital. He was given antibiotics, and later taken to a different hospital for further tests, but his legs continued to bleed into the early hours of Sunday. The cause is not known, but some have said sea lice are to blame. According to experts at the Museums Victoria, they are active at night when they swim, they can reduce a dead fish to a skeleton in a few hours. Although usually resting buried in sand they are active swimmers when searching for food. Marine biologist Jeff Weir, who suffered a similar incident while on a dive, told ABC News he thinks it was a type of amphipod, a small shrimp-shaped crustacean. Sam is expected to make a full recovery without any permanent scarring. The following night, Jarrod went back to the beach with a net filled with raw red meat and caught the creatures he believes were responsible for his sons injuries. Id hate to see anyone else going through this. If we can prevent it for anyone else, thats the aim of us talking to people, Sams mother, Jane Kanizay said. <N> In September, 1936, a reporter for the Associated Press watched the unveiling of a new kind of X-ray machine, said to be able to generate a million volts of power. The scientist operating the device was John G. Trump, a professor of engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Trump was working the controls and explaining how high-speed electrons ran along a porcelain tube to a water-cooled gold target, when suddenly two of the high-voltage sparks hit him squarely on the nose. And yet, according to the A.P. account, the direct strike caused him only slight discomfort. Professor Trump told the reporter, Thats an advantage of this machine. Its completely grounded and those sparks cant kill you. If only the same could be said of the Presidential campaign run by Professor Trumps nephew, Donald J. Trump. He is still uncomfortably close to victory, which is why there have been, lately, more serious attempts to figure out what he might do if, say, he had access to nuclear weapons. In his answers, he seldom sounds as ungrounded as when he invokes Professor Trump, the younger brother of his father, Fred. My uncle used to tell me about nuclear before nuclear was nuclear, Trump said in one interview, before nuclear referring, perhaps, to the development of hydrogen bombs, rather than basic atomic bombs (which occurred when Donald was about six years old), or perhaps just to that netherworld where things wait until Trump judges them to be fashionable or flashy enough to exist. He mentions his uncle so often, and in such extravagant termsbrilliant, one of the top, top professors at M.I.T.that it seems worth asking what the professor and his arcane knowledge mean to him. There are two different sets of answers, which might be put into the category of foreign and domestic. But first, given Trumps tendency to wrap things in porcelain and gold and shoot sparks through them, its worth noting that John Trump really does seem to have been a brilliant scientist. He was at M.I.T. for decades, and the X-ray machines he helped design provided additional years of life to cancer patients throughout the world, as the Times put it in his obituary, in 1985. Trump was involved in radar research for the Allies in the Second World War, and in 1943 the F.B.I. had enough faith in his technical ability and his discretion to call him in when Nikola Tesla died in his room at the New Yorker Hotel, in Manhattan, raising the question of whether enemy agents might have had a chance to learn some of his secrets before the body was found. (One fear was that Tesla was working on a death ray.) As Margaret Cheney and Robert Uth recount in Tesla, Master of Lightning, Professor Trump examined Teslas papers and equipment, and, in a written report, told the F.B.I. not to worry: Teslas thoughts and efforts during at least the past 15 years were primarily of a speculative, philosophical, and somewhat promotional character, but did not include new, sound, workable principles or methods for realizing such results. Professor Trump may have neglected to make that sort of distinction clear to his nephew. What is strange is that Donald Trump couples tales of how he received early, secret word from his uncle that nuclear weapons were dangerous and getting more soHe would tell me, There are things that are happening that could be potentially so bad for the world in terms of weaponry, he told the Boston Globewith a casual indifference about proliferation. In recent interviews, Trump has said that if countries like Japan and South Korea didnt want to pay America more for military protection, they should go and build their own nuclear weapons. When, in one seesawing exchange, Anderson Cooper asked if this meant he was for proliferation, Trump first disagreed, citingnaturallythe professor. I hate nuclear more than any. My uncle was a professor was at M.I.T., used to tell me about nuclear, Trump said. But then he added, Can I be honest with you? Its going to happen, anyway. Its going to happen anyway. Its only a question of time . . . Now, wouldnt you rather in a certain sense have Japan have nuclear weapons when North Korea has nuclear weapons? (Actually, no.) Its true that nuclear weapons are not that hard for a determined country to acquire, which is why the best counter-proliferation tool is diplomacythat is, deal-making, which Trump prides himself on and yet, in this case, tosses aside. Last week, President Obama attended an international summit on nuclear weapons, in Washington, and said in a press conference that the representatives of other countries had told him they were worried about Trump, who, Obama said, doesnt know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy or the Korean Peninsula or the world generally. It gets stranger still when Trump invokes the bomb as a way to dismiss talk of climate change: The only global warming Im worried about is nuclear global warming. Was he thinking of the nuclear winter, but got it backward? Or of the heat generated when bombs, which his uncle told him would be nuclear even before there was nuclear, detonate? It may be, as is so often the case, that looking for the logic in Trumps comments is a pointless exercise. But they might provide an outline, at least, of a world view. When Trump told the Times that his uncle would tell me many years ago about the power of weapons someday, that the destructive force of these weapons would be so massive, that its going to be a scary world, maybe his point was that the world is a scary place, and thus well-suited for a politician like him, who traffics in fear. Then there is the domestic side. Trump brings up his Uncle John on subjects that have nothing to do with technology, such as when the Washington Post asked him about his tendency to use crude language and insult people. Trump said that that wouldnt continue when he was Presidentand why not? My uncle, I would say my uncle was one of the brilliant people. He was at M.I.T. for thirty-five years. As a great scientist and engineer, actually more than anything else, Dr. John Trumpa great guy. That was followed not by a quote from his uncle about, say, the importance of treating people decently, but by the simple statement: Im an intelligent person. This is the professors other role in the Trump rhetorical universe: as a sort of eugenic guarantor of intelligence and breeding. It is a theme that comes up often. I had a father who was successful, Trump told CNN, in 2010. And, you know, I have a certain gene. Im a gene believer. Hey, when you connect two race horses, you usually end up with a fast horse. In South Carolina, earlier this year, he noted, Dr. John Trump at M.I.T.; good genes, very good genes, O.K., very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart. (Donald Trump was at Wharton as an undergraduate, after transferring from Fordham.) To the Boston Globe: My fathers brother was a brilliant man . . . We have very good genetics. And then on NBC, after telling Lester Holt that his uncle was a professor at M.I.T.: I mean its a good gene pool right therehe pointed to his headI have to do what I have to do. Looking at Trumps ideological assemblage, one can see certain common connectorsfatalism, fear, and a social-Darwinists contempt for those who dont do quite as well as he and his family have. Being born rich isnt luck; its something to congratulate oneself on when one looks in the mirror. The opposite is true of the losers. Its part of what can make Trump feel both like a doomsayer and a smug child. In his rallies, he has taken to giving dramatic readings of the lyrics of a song, by Al Wilson, called The Snake, which he presents as a parable about the dangers of immigration: a woman saw a beautiful snake at the side of the road, almost dead from the cold. She took it home, warmed it up, saved its life, and clutched it to her bosomTrump always emphasizes that phrasewhereupon it bit her. As she died from the venom, she asked why. You knew damn well I was a snake! Trump shouts. The world is scary; people dont change. All a Trump can do is ride down an escalator to the lobby in Trump Tower, past the gold fittings and the waterfall, and say that hes running for President. Then come the sparks. <N> The Library of Congress is the worlds largest library, offering access to the creative record of the United Statesand extensive materials from around the worldboth on-site and online. It is the main research arm of the U.S. Congress and the home of the U.S. Copyright Office. Explore collections, reference services and other programs and plan a visit at loc.gov; access the official site for U.S. federal legislative information at congress.gov; and register creative works of authorship at copyright.gov. View a Tag Cloud for the Library of Congress collection of digitized text materials in the Internet Archive. If you have a question or comment about digitized items at the Library of Congress that are presented on this website, please use the Library of Congress Ask a Librarian form. Thank you! <N> Note: This is an older version of this revised entry. (1841-1918) US lawyer and author whose Baron Trump sequence, an unusually EQUIPOISAL mixture of sf and fantasy, even at a time before the use of commonly adhered-to distinctions between these modes of the fantastic, in a manner that anticipates L Frank BAUM's inspired opportunism in the Oz books. The sequence comprises The Travels and Adventures of Little Baron Trump and His Wonderful Dog Bulgar (1890) and Baron Trump's Marvelous Underground Journey (1893), the second of which being a FANTASTIC VOYAGE into the HOLLOW EARTH, where domains of various surreally described races are found, including the Transparent Folk and the Rattlebrains. The Extraordinary Experiences of Little Captain Dopplekop on the Shores of Bubblehead (1892) and Wonderful Deeds and Doings of Little Giant Boab and His Talking Raven Tabib (1891), both similar to the Trump books, both also involved FANTASTIC VOYAGES; the young protagonist of the latter benefits from his abnormal strength. 1900: Or, the Last President (1896 chap) is a NEAR FUTURE political SATIRE. As lawyer for Mrs Margarette Todd, who died under suspicious circumstances in 1905 soon after changing her will in order (it seems) to exclude him, Lockwood was in conflict with a second lawyer, George Gordon Hastings (almost certainly the author George Gordon {HASTINGS}), who represented (and later married) Todd's daughter, herself married to Frank {TOUSEY}, and who had become the beneficiary of her mother's substantial estate as well as the Tousey publishing enterprise. [JC] Ingersoll Lockwood born 1841 died 1918 works series Baron Trump individual titles links <N> Ingersoll Lockwood, an American political writer, lawyer and novelist, combined a unique mixture of science fiction and fantasy into his novels from the late 1800s. Two of his most popular works of literature were illustrated childrens stories, focusing on a peculiar fictional character whose name rings a bell in 2017: Baron Trump. Trump, an aristocratically wealthy young man living in Castle Trump, is the protagonist of Lockwood's first two fictional novels, The Travels and Adventures of Little Baron Trump and His Wonderful Dog Bulgar and Baron Trumps Marvelous Underground Journey. The little boy, who has an unending imagination and "a very active brain," is bored of the luxurious lifestyle he has grown so accustomed to. In a twist of fate, Trump visits Russia to embark on an extraordinary adventure that will shape the rest of his life. Lockwood's final novel arrived in 1896, titled The Last President. There are some incredible connections to be made to the first family of the United States and Lockwoods novels from the turn of the 19th century. For starters, the main characters name is the same as President Donald Trumps son, albeit spelt differently. Trumps adventures begin in Russia, and are guided thanks to directions provided by "the master of all masters," a man named "Don." Before leaving for his voyage through the unknown, Trump is told of his familys motto: "The pathway to glory is strewn with pitfalls and dangers." Illustrations from the novels depict Trump dressed in lavish, old-fashioned clothing and jewelry as he departs from Castle Trump and begins his voyage, heading to Russia to locate an entrance into alternate dimensions. Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now But by Lockwoods third novel, The Last President, things become even more eerily linked to the present day. The story begins with a scene from a panicked New York City in early November, describing a "state of uproar" after the election of an enormously opposed outsider candidate. "The entire East Side is in a state of uproar," police officers shouted through the streets, warning city folk to stay indoors for the night. "Mobs of vast size are organizing under the lead of anarchists and socialists, and threaten to plunder and despoil the houses of the rich who have wronged and oppressed them for so many years." "The Fifth Avenue Hotel will be the first to feel the fury of the mob," the novel continues, citing an address in New York City where Trump Tower now stands. "Would the troops be in time to save it?" Lockwoods creations have resurfaced online in recent weeks on forums and Reddit, thanks to a number of 4chan users who shared images and conspiracy theories about the fantasy stories. Some claimed the Trump family possesses a time machine that has allowed them to remain powerful to this day. The Last President doesnt follow the same fictional narrative of Lockwoods previous novels, though the links to Trump are once again abundantly clear. The presidents hometown of New York City is fearing the collapse of the republic in this book, also titled 1900, immediately following the transition of presidential power. Some Americans begin forming a resistance, protesting what was seen as a corrupt and unethical election process. A filmmaker and Trump supporter named Leigh Scott is now trying to crowdsource funding to create a fantasy feature film, saying hes a "huge fan of trolling." "Even though I work in Hollywood, I actually support President Trump," Scott says in a promotional video for his project. "The book has tons of strange references to the modern day, but we can actually amp that up a bit and put in things that only we as Trump supporters and people who are on the internet all the time really understand and appreciate." <N> The Waldorf Astoria opened in its current location on Park Avenue in 1931. View Full Caption Flickr/Chris Breeze The Waldorf Astoria shut its doors Wednesday to undergo an extensive renovation over the next two to three years, bringing to a close a chapter of the historic luxury hotel. The final guests were scheduled to check out at 11:30 a.m. Wednesday as the hotels owners prepare to convert more than a third of the 1,413 rooms into luxury condominiums, according to a spokesman. The hotel has been a symbol of high society Manhattan since the original building's construction in 1893 (the current hotel was built in 1931), and has been home to such celebrities and dignitaries as Cole Porter, Marilyn Monroe, Frank Sinatra, President Herbert Hoover, Gen. Douglas MacArthur and Edward, Duke of Windsor. The current owner of the Waldorf Astoria, Chinese insurance giant Anbang, bought the hotel from Hilton in 2014 for $1.95 billion, and plans to turn 500 hotel rooms into 321 apartments across 31 floors, and outfit the building with a new fitness center, retail space and restaurant, according to plans filed Thursday. The building itself is a New York City landmark, and the city is currently considering whether or not to designate several interior areas of the hotel as landmarks. Initial construction will not affect the parts of the hotel that are landmarked or under consideration, according to a statement from Anbang. "The Waldorf Astoria New York is part of the fabric of New York City, a spokesman said. As stewards of this iconic landmark and its historic legacy, we are committed to restoring its public spaces to their original beauty, ensuring that the hotel retains its rightful place as a premier focal point for the city and a premier destination for the world. We traced the history of the hotel, from its founding on the current site of the Empire State Building to present day in the timeline below: <N> Oklahoma State Rep. George Faught argues that rape and incest are the will of God while defending anti-abortion legislation. Tuesday the Oklahoma House approved House Bill 1549, also called the Prenatal Nondiscrimination act of 2017. The controversial legislation would prohibit abortion when the fetus is diagnosed with Down syndrome or any other birth defect. Discussing the legislation before Tuesdays vote, Faught, the bills author, said when it comes to abortion, people are being allowed to play God. While discussing Faughts legislation on the House floor Rep. Regina Goodwin asked: At what point did you decide that thats within your ability to decide for all women in Oklahoma? Faught replied: One of the things that I campaigned on was to protect life, and I believe life begins at conception. At one point Rep. Cory Williams (D) asked Faught if rape is the will of God. Faught responded: Well, you know, if you read the Bible, theres actually a couple circumstances where that happened. The Lord uses all circumstances. I mean, you can go down that path, but its a reality unfortunately. Williams followed up, asking if incest is the will of God. Faught said: Same answer. Doesnt deal with this bill. Williams continued, asking why the bill does not include exceptions for rape and incest which are allowed in most anti-abortion legislation: You wont make any exceptions for rape. You wont make any exceptions for incest, and you are proffering divine intervention as a reason why you wont do that. Williams Continued: I think it is very important (to know), do you believe rape and incest are actually the will of God? After a brief pause, Faught replied: You know its a great question to ask. And obviously if it happens in someones life, it may not be the best thing that ever happened, but  so youre saying that God is not sovereign with every activity that happens in someones life and cant use anything and everything in someones life and I disagree with that. Bottom line: For Rep. Faught, God is sovereign, and everything that happens is part of Gods plan  even rape and incest. Sounds like Faughts God is a moral monster. Good thing God doesnt exist, but it is terrifying that legislators like Faught are making laws based on their ridiculous and dangerous religious superstitions. (H/T Raw Story  Watch a video clip of the exchange between Faught and Williams below) <N> By Stephen D. Foster Jr. | 22 March 2017 Addicting Info Women should get as far away from Oklahoma as soon as possible because Christian Sharia law is about to make their lives a living hell. If Oklahoma state GOP Rep. George Faught has his way, rape will be on the path to being legal in the state. At least thats what rapists are hoping for after Faught made a frightening statement on the subject during a debate on House Bill 1549, which restricts abortion. Democratic Rep. Cory Williams masterfully cornered Faught during the hearing by asking him if he believes rape and incest are the will of God since the legislation has no exceptions for either, meaning women would be forced to give birth to their rapists baby. Faughts reply is absolutely appalling and demonstrates once again why women should never vote for Republicans, especially Republicans who want to base our laws on the Bible. Well, you know, if you read the Bible, theres actually a couple circumstances where that happened, Faught said. The Lord uses all circumstances. I mean, you can go down that path, but its a reality unfortunately. Faught literally just used the Bible to justify rape. And then he used it to justify incest. Same answer, Faught replied. Then he argued that Williams questions have nothing to do with the bill. Williams vehemently disagreed and explained why. You are proffering a divine intervention as the reason why you wont do that and so I think it is very important, Williams said before demanding Faught repeat his answer again. This body wants to know  and myself personally  whether you believe rape and incest are actually the will of God. Faught obliged and stated that rape and incest are Gods will because God is sovereign over all activities that happen. Its a great question to ask. And, obviously if it happens in someones life, it may not be the best thing that ever happened, but  so youre saying that God is not sovereign with every activity that happens in someones life and cant use anything and everything in someones life and I disagree with that. Seriously. Heres the video via YouTube. This is exactly the same kind of statement that Republicans like Rick Santorum and Richard Mourdock made during the 2012 Election. I believe and I think the right approach is to accept this horribly created  in the sense of rape  but nevertheless a gift in a very broken way, the gift of human life, and accept what God has given to you, Santorum said during his run for the presidency. As you know, we have to, in lots of different aspects of our life. We have horrible things happen. I cant think of anything more horrible. But, nevertheless, we have to make the best out of a bad situation. Ive struggled with it myself for a long time, but I came to realize that life is that gift from God, Mourdock said during his Senate run in Indiana. And even when life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen. Both of these guys think that rape is sanctioned by God and that women should appreciate the gift God is giving them by force. Its disgusting and is the reason why both men lost their races. And now Faught should be ousted from office as well. Be sure to like us on Facebook <N> Oklahoma State Rep. George Faught  On Tuesday, the Oklahoma House met to discuss engrossment of its controversial House Bill-1549, which would prohibit anyone from seeking an abortion in the case of a genetic abnormality. Oklahoma State Rep. Cory Williams (D) asked Rep. George Faught  who authored the bill  if rape is the will of God. SPONSORED Well, you know, if you read the Bible, theres actually a couple circumstances where that happened, Faught began. The Lord uses all circumstances. I mean, you can go down that path, but its a reality unfortunately, he said. Williams followed up, asking if incest is the will of God. Same answer. Doesnt deal with this bill, Faught said. Williams argued that the questions matter to the legislation, given that Faught was unwilling to make exceptions in the case of rape or incest. You are proffering a divine intervention as the reason why you wont do that and so I think it is very important. This body wants to know  and myself personally  whether you believe rape and incest are actually the will of God, Williams questioned. Its a great question to ask, said Faught. And, obviously if it happens in someones life, it may not be the best thing that ever happened, but  so youre saying that God is not sovereign with every activity that happens in someones life and cant use anything and everything in someones life and I disagree with that. Watch the full clip below. <N> Rights assessment is your responsibility. More about Copyright and other Restrictions For guidance about compiling full citations consult Citing Primary Sources. Rights Advisory : No known restrictions on publication. : Reproduction Number : LC-USZ62-69341 (b&w film copy neg.) : Call Number : LOT 5968 [item] [P&P] : Access Advisory: --- Obtaining Copies If an image is displaying, you can download it yourself. (Some images display only as thumbnails outside the Library of Congress because of rights considerations, but you have access to larger size images on site.) Alternatively, you can purchase copies of various types through Library of Congress Duplication Services. If a digital image is displaying: The qualities of the digital image partially depend on whether it was made from the original or an intermediate such as a copy negative or transparency. If the Reproduction Number field above includes a reproduction number that starts with LC-DIG..., then there is a digital image that was made directly from the original and is of sufficient resolution for most publication purposes. If there is information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can use the reproduction number to purchase a copy from Duplication Services. It will be made from the source listed in the parentheses after the number. If only black-and-white ("b&w") sources are listed and you desire a copy showing color or tint (assuming the original has any), you can generally purchase a quality copy of the original in color by citing the Call Number listed above and including the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request. If there is no information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can generally purchase a quality copy through Duplication Services. Cite the Call Number listed above and include the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request. Price lists, contact information, and order forms are available on the Duplication Services Web site. Access to Originals Please use the following steps to determine whether you need to fill out a call slip in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room to view the original item(s). In some cases, a surrogate (substitute image) is available, often in the form of a digital image, a copy print, or microfilm. Is the item digitized? (A thumbnail (small) image will be visible on the left.) Yes, the item is digitized. Please use the digital image in preference to requesting the original. All images can be viewed at a large size when you are in any reading room at the Library of Congress. In some cases, only thumbnail (small) images are available when you are outside the Library of Congress because the item is rights restricted or has not been evaluated for rights restrictions. As a preservation measure, we generally do not serve an original item when a digital image is available. If you have a compelling reason to see the original, consult with a reference librarian. (Sometimes, the original is simply too fragile to serve. For example, glass and film photographic negatives are particularly subject to damage. They are also easier to see online where they are presented as positive images.) Please use the digital image in preference to requesting the original. All images can be viewed at a large size when you are in any reading room at the Library of Congress. In some cases, only thumbnail (small) images are available when you are outside the Library of Congress because the item is rights restricted or has not been evaluated for rights restrictions. As a preservation measure, we generally do not serve an original item when a digital image is available. If you have a compelling reason to see the original, consult with a reference librarian. (Sometimes, the original is simply too fragile to serve. For example, glass and film photographic negatives are particularly subject to damage. They are also easier to see online where they are presented as positive images.) No, the item is not digitized. Please go to #2. Do the Access Advisory or Call Number fields above indicate that a non-digital surrogate exists, such as microfilm or copy prints? Yes, another surrogate exists. Reference staff can direct you to this surrogate. Reference staff can direct you to this surrogate. No, another surrogate does not exist. Please go to #3. If you do not see a thumbnail image or a reference to another surrogate, please fill out a call slip in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room. In many cases, the originals can be served in a few minutes. Other materials require appointments for later the same day or in the future. Reference staff can advise you in both how to fill out a call slip and when the item can be served. To contact Reference staff in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room, please use our Ask A Librarian service or call the reading room between 8:30 and 5:00 at 202-707-6394, and Press 3. <N> I am the first to admit that my knowledge of cars is rather limited. And perhaps like me, you thought electric cars were a relatively new phenomenon. Imagine my surprise when I stumbled across the 1919 photograph below of a car being charged! Much to my astonishment, the first practical electric car was invented in London by Thomas Parker in 1884. Electric cars made an appearance in America around the turn of the 20th century. The 1906 photograph below shows an early electric car making its way down the streets of Washington D.C. The plugged-in car featured in the photo which initially caught my eye was a Detroit Electric, a vehicle produced by the Anderson Electric Car Company from 1907 to 1939. The photo is part of a group of promotional images showing the auto on a trip from Seattle to Mount Rainier. Other photographs from the group show the car wending its way through the mountains of Washington. The short mileage range of early electric cars limited its use in rural areas but it was ideal for town or city travelers. As you can see from the 1917 Washington Herald advertisement below, the Detroit Electric could make it between 80 to 100 miles on a single charge with a top speed of about 27 mph. Electric cars were also marketed toward women due to the fact that starting the vehicle did not require the physical task of hand cranking an internal combustion engine. I found this photograph of future First Lady Edith Wilson, the first woman to drive an electric automobile in Washington D.C., to be a fascinating glimpse into the era of early cars. By the early 1900s, around 38 percent of American cars were electric. However, for a number of reasons, the sale of electric cars began to decline in the 1920s and production of such vehicles eventually stopped. I suppose the resurgence of electric cars in recent years demonstrates the old saying that history does indeed repeat itself! <N> Rights assessment is your responsibility. More about Copyright and other Restrictions For guidance about compiling full citations consult Citing Primary Sources. Rights Advisory : No known restrictions on publication. : Reproduction Number : LC-USZ62-62269 (b&w film copy neg.) : Call Number : LOT 5968 [item] [P&P] : Access Advisory: --- Obtaining Copies If an image is displaying, you can download it yourself. (Some images display only as thumbnails outside the Library of Congress because of rights considerations, but you have access to larger size images on site.) Alternatively, you can purchase copies of various types through Library of Congress Duplication Services. If a digital image is displaying: The qualities of the digital image partially depend on whether it was made from the original or an intermediate such as a copy negative or transparency. If the Reproduction Number field above includes a reproduction number that starts with LC-DIG..., then there is a digital image that was made directly from the original and is of sufficient resolution for most publication purposes. If there is information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can use the reproduction number to purchase a copy from Duplication Services. It will be made from the source listed in the parentheses after the number. If only black-and-white ("b&w") sources are listed and you desire a copy showing color or tint (assuming the original has any), you can generally purchase a quality copy of the original in color by citing the Call Number listed above and including the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request. If there is no information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can generally purchase a quality copy through Duplication Services. Cite the Call Number listed above and include the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request. Price lists, contact information, and order forms are available on the Duplication Services Web site. Access to Originals Please use the following steps to determine whether you need to fill out a call slip in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room to view the original item(s). In some cases, a surrogate (substitute image) is available, often in the form of a digital image, a copy print, or microfilm. Is the item digitized? (A thumbnail (small) image will be visible on the left.) Yes, the item is digitized. Please use the digital image in preference to requesting the original. All images can be viewed at a large size when you are in any reading room at the Library of Congress. In some cases, only thumbnail (small) images are available when you are outside the Library of Congress because the item is rights restricted or has not been evaluated for rights restrictions. As a preservation measure, we generally do not serve an original item when a digital image is available. If you have a compelling reason to see the original, consult with a reference librarian. (Sometimes, the original is simply too fragile to serve. For example, glass and film photographic negatives are particularly subject to damage. They are also easier to see online where they are presented as positive images.) Please use the digital image in preference to requesting the original. All images can be viewed at a large size when you are in any reading room at the Library of Congress. In some cases, only thumbnail (small) images are available when you are outside the Library of Congress because the item is rights restricted or has not been evaluated for rights restrictions. As a preservation measure, we generally do not serve an original item when a digital image is available. If you have a compelling reason to see the original, consult with a reference librarian. (Sometimes, the original is simply too fragile to serve. For example, glass and film photographic negatives are particularly subject to damage. They are also easier to see online where they are presented as positive images.) No, the item is not digitized. Please go to #2. Do the Access Advisory or Call Number fields above indicate that a non-digital surrogate exists, such as microfilm or copy prints? Yes, another surrogate exists. Reference staff can direct you to this surrogate. Reference staff can direct you to this surrogate. No, another surrogate does not exist. Please go to #3. If you do not see a thumbnail image or a reference to another surrogate, please fill out a call slip in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room. In many cases, the originals can be served in a few minutes. Other materials require appointments for later the same day or in the future. Reference staff can advise you in both how to fill out a call slip and when the item can be served. To contact Reference staff in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room, please use our Ask A Librarian service or call the reading room between 8:30 and 5:00 at 202-707-6394, and Press 3. <N> Sitting aboard is Thomas Parker, who was responsible for innovations such as electrifying the London Underground, overhead tramways in Liverpool and Birmingham, and the smokeless fuel coalite. Last week the government announced it wanted to create a mass market in electric cars in order to cut down carbon emissions. Parker claimed he had invented the electric car as early as 1884, and he also had a hand in refining car batteries for petrol-powered models. He also stood unsuccessfully for Parliament for the Liberal Party in the 1892 General Election, where he earned the name of "honest Tom Parker", and was interested in establishing a metric system of weights and measures and even decimal coinage. The photographs of the electric car are kept by his great-grandson Graham Parker, a 76-year-old former BBC Look East weatherman. Mr Parker, who lives in Eaton, near Norwich, said he still marvelled at the range of ideas his great-grandfather had. "He was into anything really," he said. "Anything on four wheels was quite a novelty, people were terrified of the things and someone with a red flag had to walk in front of it. "Electricity was even more terrifying because it was something you couldn't see or touch, there seemed to be quite a lot of resistance to it." But with the French working on a rival petrol driven engine, the inventor soon turned his thoughts to other forms of mass transport. "I don't think all that many were made because he was more interested in trams and tramways," he added. "He was one of the early people thinking about pollution. "People in London were fed up sitting in the smoke. He went down to London to oversee the electrification process." For the Parkers inventing was almost a family business with both grandfather, Thomas Hugh Parker, and father, Howard Edward Parker following in the tradition. In fact Thomas Hugh Parker shared his father's flair for design and innovation, even building a steam powered car in 1901 before later working on modern car features such as hydraulic brakes and four wheel steering. He also claimed to have invented the spark plug, monoblock engine and the carburettor. The tradition lives on through Mr Parker's oldest son, Alun, who is also an engineer who has worked on projects ranging from the West Coast mainline to the Panama Canal, and Crossrail. "It's interesting how history repeats itself," Mr Parker said. "But it stopped when it got to me - though somebody once commented that as a weather forecaster, I was the biggest inventor of the lot." <N> Legacy - We are the second oldest biological field station in the US and the oldest west of the Mississippi River. We have one of the oldest, contiguous lake datasets in the world. Research - We work on a watershed fed by Glacier National Park and other pristine wilderness areas, allowing our research to focus on both natural processes and human-induced effects. Education - We offer premier field-based summer ecology courses, as well as graduate level studies in ecology and limnology. Our students come from across the United States and around the world. Outreach - We feel strongly that science should be disseminated to the greatest number of people, including the local citizenry and the worldwide community. We offer community presentations, expert seminars, and interactive field-based classrooms. Stop by and visit us. We'd love to show you around! <N> A New Jersey-based food company is recalling Aunt Jemima frozen pancakes, waffles and French toast because they could be contaminated with Listeria. Listeriosis is a serious infection usually caused by eating food contaminated with the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes. An estimated 1,600 people get listeriosis each year, and about 260 die. The infection is most likely to sicken pregnant women and their newborns, adults aged 65 or older, and people with weakened immune systems. Although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women. ALERT This recall includes ALL BEST BY dates meaning that if you have these in your freezer- BY ALL MEANS DO NOT CONSUME THESE PRODUCTS! For Immediate Release Pinnacle Foods Inc. Voluntarily Recalls Aunt Jemima Frozen Pancakes, Frozen Waffles & Frozen French Toast Slices Due to Possible Listeria Contamination Pinnacle Foods Inc. is voluntarily recalling all Best By dates of Aunt Jemima Frozen Pancakes, Frozen Waffles & Frozen French Toast Slices distributed nationally in the United States and one product into Mexico because they have the potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes. No illnesses have been reported. The products are being recalled as a precautionary measure given the health and safety of our consumers is our top priority. Pinnacle Foods initiated the recall after testing indicated the presence of Listeria monocytogenes in the plant environment. We are working in coordination with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on this recall. All affected distributors and retail and food service customers are being notified and the affected products are being removed from store shelves. This announcement applies only to the Aunt Jemima frozen products listed below and does not include any Aunt Jemima dry mixes and syrups. All Best By dates of the following products are included in this recall: 17 Retail Products PKG UPC AUNT JEMIMA LIL GRIDDLERS BLUEBERRY 14.5oz 019600054603 AUNT JEMIMA MINI PANCAKES 14.5oz 019600054801 AUNT JEMIMA FRENCH TOAST 12.5oz 019600057703 AUNT JEMIMA CINNAMON FRENCH TOAST 12.5oz 019600058908 AUNT JEMIMA WHOLE GRAIN FRENCH TOAST 12.5oz 019600059684 AUNT JEMIMA BUTTERMILK PANCAKE LOW FAT 14.5oz 019600061007 AUNT JEMIMA HOMESTYLE WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062004 AUNT JEMIMA BUTTERMILK WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062103 AUNT JEMIMA BLUEBERRY WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062202 AUNT JEMIMA LOW FAT WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062301 AUNT JEMIMA BLUEBERRY PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600064701 AUNT JEMIMA OATMEAL PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600064909 AUNT JEMIMA WHOLE GRAIN PANCAKE 14.5oz 019600066408 AUNT JEMIMA BUTTERMILK PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600068204 AUNT JEMIMA HOMESTYLE PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600069102 AUNT JEMIMA 60CT CLUB PANCAKES PREMIUM 019600435907 AUNT JEMIMA PANCAKE MEXICO 60CT 019600435921 2 additional items are being recalled in conjunction with the United State Department of Agriculture (USDA). Product PKG UPC AUNT JEMIMA FRENCH TOAST & SAUSAGE 5.5oz 051000063915 HUNGRY MAN SELECTS CHICKEN & WAFFLES 8/16oz 658276202903 No other Aunt Jemima branded or Hungry Man branded products or any other products produced by Pinnacle Foods are included within this recall. Consumers should not consume these products. Affected product may be returned to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact Pinnacle Foods at 1-888-299-7646. Source- U.S. FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION This is extremely important information and we urge you to share this with your friends and family. <N> Pinnacle Foods Inc. is voluntarily recalling all Best By dates of Aunt Jemima Frozen Pancakes, Frozen Waffles & Frozen French Toast Slices distributed nationally in the United States and one product into Mexico because they have the potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes. No illnesses have been reported. The products are being recalled as a precautionary measure given the health and safety of our consumers is our top priority. Pinnacle Foods initiated the recall after testing indicated the presence of Listeria monocytogenes in the plant environment. We are working in coordination with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on this recall. Listeria monocytogenes is an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women. All affected distributors and retail and food service customers are being notified and the affected products are being removed from store shelves. This announcement applies only to the Aunt Jemima frozen products listed below and does not include any Aunt Jemima dry mixes and syrups. All Best By dates of the following products are included in this recall: 17 Retail Products PKG UPC AUNT JEMIMA LIL GRIDDLERS BLUEBERRY 14.5oz 019600054603 AUNT JEMIMA MINI PANCAKES 14.5oz 019600054801 AUNT JEMIMA FRENCH TOAST 12.5oz 019600057703 AUNT JEMIMA CINNAMON FRENCH TOAST 12.5oz 019600058908 AUNT JEMIMA WHOLE GRAIN FRENCH TOAST 12.5oz 019600059684 AUNT JEMIMA BUTTERMILK PANCAKE LOW FAT 14.5oz 019600061007 AUNT JEMIMA HOMESTYLE WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062004 AUNT JEMIMA BUTTERMILK WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062103 AUNT JEMIMA BLUEBERRY WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062202 AUNT JEMIMA LOW FAT WAFFLE 17.18oz 019600062301 AUNT JEMIMA BLUEBERRY PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600064701 AUNT JEMIMA OATMEAL PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600064909 AUNT JEMIMA WHOLE GRAIN PANCAKE 14.5oz 019600066408 AUNT JEMIMA BUTTERMILK PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600068204 AUNT JEMIMA HOMESTYLE PANCAKE 14.8oz 019600069102 AUNT JEMIMA 60CT CLUB PANCAKES PREMIUM 019600435907 AUNT JEMIMA PANCAKE MEXICO 60CT 019600435921 2 additional items are being recalled in conjunction with the United State Department of Agriculture (USDA). Product PKG UPC AUNT JEMIMA FRENCH TOAST & SAUSAGE 5.5oz 051000063915 HUNGRY MAN SELECTS CHICKEN & WAFFLES 8/16oz 658276202903 No other Aunt Jemima branded or Hungry Man branded products or any other products produced by Pinnacle Foods are included within this recall. Consumers should not consume these products. Affected product may be returned to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact Pinnacle Foods at 1-888-299-7646. ### <N> En Espaol Retail Distribution List (Jun 7, 2017) WASHINGTON, May 9, 2017  The U.S. Department of Agricultures Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) is issuing a public health alert due to concerns that frozen ready-to-eat fried chicken and pork sausage products produced by Pinnacle Foods, Inc., a Jackson, Tenn. establishment, may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes. Pinnacle Foods, Inc. has already recalled these products in its recall of its Food and Drug Administration-regulated products. FSIS is issuing this Public Health Alert out of the utmost of caution to ensure consumers are aware that these products, that bear the FSIS mark of inspection detailed below, are subject to the Pinnacle Foods, Inc. recall. The frozen ready-to-eat fried chicken and pork sausage items were produced from Feb. 4, 2016 to May 4, 2017. The following products are subject to the public health alert: 5.5-oz. individual frozen microwavable dinners containing French toast and a pork sausage patty with Aunt Jemima FRENCH TOAST AND SAUSAGE printed on the label and bearing UPC code 051000063915. 16-oz. individual frozen microwavable dinners containing a waffle and a fried chicken piece with HUNGRY-MAN Selects BONELESS FRIED CHICKEN & WAFFLES printed on the label and bearing UPC code 658276202903. The products bear establishment number EST. 9132 or P-138 inside the USDA mark of inspection. These items were shipped to retail locations nationwide. The problem was discovered when the company notified FSIS that results from environmental samples received May 1, 2017 were preliminary for the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. There have been no confirmed reports of illnesses due to consumption of these products. Anyone concerned about an illness should contact a health care provider. Consumption of food contaminated with L. monocytogenes can cause listeriosis, a serious infection that primarily affects older adults, persons with weakened immune systems, and pregnant women and their newborns. Less commonly, persons outside these risk groups are affected. Listeriosis can cause fever, muscle aches, headache, stiff neck, confusion, loss of balance and convulsions sometimes preceded by diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms. An invasive infection spreads beyond the gastrointestinal tract. In pregnant women, the infection can cause miscarriages, stillbirths, premature delivery or life-threatening infection of the newborn. In addition, serious and sometimes fatal infections can occur in older adults and persons with weakened immune systems. Listeriosis is treated with antibiotics. Persons in the higher-risk categories who experience flu-like symptoms within two months after eating contaminated food should seek medical care and tell the health care provider about eating the contaminated food. Consumers who have purchased these products are urged not to consume them. These products should be thrown away or returned to the place of purchase. Consumers and media with questions about the recall can contact: Consumer Contact: Pinnacle Foods Consumer Care 1-888-299-7646 Hours: Daily between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Eastern Time Media Contact: Sarah Tremallo 908-249-2327 _EMAIL_ FSIS routinely conducts recall effectiveness checks to verify recalling firms notify their customers of the recall and that steps are taken to make certain that the product is no longer available to consumers. FSIS will conduct recall effectiveness checks for these FSIS-regulated products identified in the companys recall notice posted by FDA. Consumers with food safety questions can "Ask Karen," the FSIS virtual representative available 24 hours a day at AskKaren.gov or via smartphone at m.askkaren.gov. The toll-free USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline 1-888-MPHotline (1-888-674-6854) is available in English and Spanish and can be reached from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. (Eastern Time) Monday through Friday. Recorded food safety messages are available 24 hours a day. The online Electronic Consumer Complaint Monitoring System can be accessed 24 hours a day at: _LINKS_. # Related Information: Product label photos are available on the Food and Drug Administration website. <N> The practice of initially obtaining a positive sample and subsequently of getting a negative result and not having cleaned up the plant is illegal, said Michael C. Rogers, director of the division of field investigations at the food and drug agency. A representative of the Peanut Corporation of America said she would respond to the accusations but did not. The recall of peanut products is the latest in a series of increasingly severe food contamination scares involving tomatoes , spinach, cantaloupes and other foods that have enraged legislators on Capitol Hill. I want to make this the year that we fix the nations food safety system, Representative Rosa DeLauro, Democrat of Connecticut and chairwoman of the Appropriations subcommittee with jurisdiction over the food and drug agency, said in an interview. Ms. DeLauro called for the Justice Department to conduct a criminal investigation. Representative Bart Stupak, Democrat of Michigan and chairman of the House subcommittee on investigations, was one of three powerful House members who proposed legislation on Wednesday that would increase safety requirements for food makers and give F.D.A. officials greater authority and money to conduct inspections. Representative Diana DeGette, Democrat of Colorado and vice chairwoman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, likened food manufacturers to truant children who cant be relied on to report their own problems and correct them in a timely fashion, so were going to have to make them do it. The nations food-protection system relies largely on voluntary efforts by food makers to process food safely and agree to recall tainted foods when their own tests show problems. Government inspections are rare and sometimes inadequate. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. Finger-pointing is common when problems occur. Representatives for McKee Foods and Whole Foods Market , for instance, both blamed contract manufacturers for failing to police the Peanut Corporation of America. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Libba Letton, a spokeswoman for Whole Foods, said the company carefully checked the paperwork for all its products. For the thousands of products we sell, thats the extent we can go to, Ms. Letton said. The rest of it is up to the F.D.A. and to the manufacturer. Michael R. Taylor, a professor at George Washington University and a food safety expert, said the peanut contamination demonstrated that the government must set stricter standards and spend more on enforcing them. If the government doesnt enforce the standards, they wont be met, Mr. Taylor said. F.D.A. officials said they relied on inspections by the Georgia Department of Agriculture, a common situation. State inspectors found rust that could flake into food and gaps in warehouse doors big enough for rodents to enter at the Peanut Corporation of America plant. But Oscar S. Garrison , Georgias assistant agriculture commissioner, described the violations as minor. There was really no red flag that gave us concern at the time, Mr. Garrison said. The recent federal inspection, however, concluded that the plant should never have been allowed to make peanut butter at all because it did not adequately separate raw and finished products, among other problems. Finished products should be stored far from raw materials to reduce the chances of re-contamination of the finished goods, according to food and drug agency rules. Dr. Donald Zink, an F.D.A. food scientist, said state inspectors often visited different kinds of plants and might not know what was needed in a peanut butter facility. This same lack of specialization is true of many F.D.A. inspectors. The agency found that the Georgia plant had mold on its ceiling and walls, and footlong gaps in its roof. The report also found that even after the company discovered that its peanut butter was contaminated, it did not clean its equipment. In Blakely, Lawanda McGriff, manager of a McDonalds restaurant, said that when the peanut plant was shut down because of the contamination, we had approximately 50 people come down here trying to get hired. Advertisement Continue reading the main story A local peanut farmer, Nelson Hattaway, said the closing would affect how much acreage he and others planted in May. Now this salmonella thing means well plant even less, Mr. Hattaway said. <N> The effects of the widespread peanut butter recall could cost rural America's peanut producers $1 billion in lost production and sales, according to testimony set to be heard Wednesday at a House subcommittee hearing. That could be just the beginning, the head of the Georgia Peanut Commission will tell a subcommittee of the U.S. House Committee on Small Business, according to prepared testimony obtained by The Associated Press. In his testimony, Don Koehler plans to say that the recalls, prompted by a salmonella outbreak tied to peanut butter, have severely hurt the nation's peanut producers, weakening pricing and limiting their ability to sell their products. Koehler said the recall goes far beyond the source of the outbreak, Peanut Corp. of America, and that the companies that used its peanut butter and peanut paste in their products have had to remove their products from the marketplace. The true cost won't be known until the outbreak is over and the recall complete, he said. "Farmers, as small businesses, have felt the real economic impact of this recall," he was set to tell the Small Business Committee's Regulations and Health Care Subcommittee. "Because farmers do business with other small businesses who supply them their inputs, the ripple will not likely stop at the farmer." Many businesses big and small have been hurt by the recall, which started in January when the salmonella outbreak was linked to products from Peanut Corp., which filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy last month. The company supplied peanut butter for industrial use in products like cakes, ice creams and even dog food. Companies have recalled more than 2,100 products containing Peanut Corp.'s peanut paste, marking one of the largest recalls in U.S. history. According to the Centers for Disease Control, as of Tuesday, 683 people in 46 states have been sickened in the outbreak. Nine deaths may also be attributable to the outbreak. In response, consumers have been pulling back on their spending on peanut butter, limiting the market for food companies and peanut producers. On Tuesday, research firm Nielsen said a recent four-week period marked the lowest sales of jarred peanut butter in the three years the company has tracked the U.S. food, drug, and mass merchandisers segment, which includes Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest retailer. The pullback comes even as jarred peanut butter, for the most part, has not been involved in the recalls. All this is shaping up to hurt the nation's peanut farmers, Koehler said. He also was to be speaking on behalf of the Southern Peanut Farmers Federation, which represents peanut farmers in Alabama, Florida, Georgia and Mississippi, who make up about three-fourths of the nation's peanut production. Koehler said due to the slumping market for peanut products, sales are tough for companies that shell peanuts and farmers who grow peanuts are not getting contracts guaranteeing their purchase. That makes it difficult for them to anticipate their business and decide whether they should grow other crops, like corn, which must be planted earlier. According to research done by the National Center for Peanut Competitiveness at the University of Georgia's College of Agriculture, Koehler said it was unlikely peanut farmers would generate enough cash flow this year given expected pricing and production acreage. Growers anticipate reducing their acreage by at least one-third, which all when taken together could mean economic losses of $1 billion in rural America due to the recall, he said. The subcommittee was set to hear testimony from a slew of other small businesses affected by the recalls, speaking on behalf of dairy businesses, food marketers, restaurants and others. Also set to testify before the committee were representatives from the Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration. "The losses for restaurants, grocers, candy and ice cream manufacturers and other small businesses have yet to be tallied, to say nothing of the horrific human tragedy," Rep. Kathy , D-Pa., the subcommittee chairwoman, said in a statement. <N> RABBIT HASH, Ky.  -- When you drive into Rabbit Hash, Kentucky, you're thrust back in time. Porches are still hangouts for young guys to talk girls. The General Store is a one stop shop for anything you need. Every town, no matter how small, needs a leader. After a "ruff" election, the spot on the banks of the Ohio River has one. "She's very outgoing," Bobbi Kayser said. "She has the best smile I've ever seen," Jordie Bamforth said. "There's always inappropriate licking going on," Kayser added. You might be saying "wait, what?" They're all talking about a Pitbull. The treat-loving, woods-exploring, good girl is named Brynneth Pawltro. After pledging to sniff out the community's problems with a little help from her best friend, she won the election a few months back. The competition was stiff. "There was a cat, the chicken, a donkey, a little boy," Bamforth said. Brynneth took them all down without much more than a bark. Believe it or not, the pooch is the fourth dog mayor to be unleashed on the city. "It started in the late 1990s as a fundraiser," said Kayser, who works with the Rabbit Hash Historical Society. "We charge you a dollar for your vote, You vote as often as you want." The town is so small it doesn't need a real mayor. Usually, the money from the election goes toward town improvements, but this time it helped to repair the General Store after a devastating fire last year. "It was so heartbreaking, but it's been really awesome to watch it rise from the ashes," Bamforth said. Now that Brynneth is in office, there are stances to take and decisions to make. Tennis balls or sticks? Alpo or Blue Buffalo? "I don't know, she might just go possum hunting," said Carol Hege, who was visiting from Virginia. All the pundits want to know: Will Brynneth return to the campaign trail again? "We'll see what politics does to her for the next four years," Bamforth said. Perhaps only time will tell if Brynneth has a nose for politics or if it's back to the doghouse. Related Stories: <N> CLOSE Brynn, a pit bull, will take over as mayor of Rabbit Hash, Kentucky, in February 2017. Videolicious Buy Photo Brynn, a 2-year-old pit bull, will be the fourth canine mayor of Rabbit Hash, Kentucky, after a landslide victory. Votes cost $1. (Photo: Sarah Brookbank/The Community Recorder)Buy Photo Story Highlights Brynn, a 2-year-old pit bull, won the Rabbit Hash election by more than 1,000 votes. The election raised nearly $9,000 for the Rabbit Hash Historical Society. Cincinnati Councilman Chris Seelbach, sent Brynn a letter congratulating the dog on her election. RABBIT HASH  With barks and tail-wagging aplenty, the fourth canine mayor of Rabbit Hash surveys the city she will soon take charge of. In a landslide victory Brynn was chosen to guard the steps of the General Store. The 2-year-old pit bull won the election by more than 1,000 votes. Brynn will govern Rabbit Hash, a quaint historical district nestled on the shores of the Ohio River. She will take office after the i-dog-uration in February 2017, a year after a fire destroyed most of the Rabbit Hash General Store. She faced steep competition from a slew of other dogs, Higgins the donkey, Bossy the chicken and Stella the cat to win the election. The election is actually a fundraiser for the Rabbit Hash Historical Society. Votes cost $1 each. Jordie Bamforth adopted Brynn when she was 8 weeks old from a local rescue. Bamforth, 23, is studying to be a veterinary technician and works at the Verona Vineyards location in Rabbit Hash. The reason I decided to get a pit bull was to get a better name out there for the breed, Bamforth said. Its been our mission since she was a puppy. As a candidate, Brynns mission was to bring peace, love and understanding to Rabbit Hash because she knows what it is like to be discriminated against. Brynn has declared to be peaceful with any human or animal that comes through Rabbit Hash, especially the cats. Brynn does like to chase the cats around here, but has pledged to refrain from it as much as possible, Bamforth said. Brynn lives with her brother Jack, a Pomeranian mix, two cats, a ferret and two other dogs. Bamforth said the love part of Brynns platform is advocacy for another important animal cause. With love comes babies, and Brynn wants to advocate for spaying and neutering pets and adoption. Third in her platform is understanding. As a pit bull Brynn, understands being misunderstood, Bamforth said. But in Rabbit Hash youll find people of all ages running around and coexisting, and animals too. Brynn respects everybody. On Nov. 15, while surveying the progress on the Rabbit Hash General Store, Mayor-elect Brynn received a letter from Cincinnati Councilman Chris Seelbach congratulating her on her election. Money raised by the election benefits the General Store fund Bobbi Kayser, secretary of the Rabbit Hash Historical Society and mom of current Mayor Lucy Lou, said the election raised more than $8,900 for the historical society. The money will go toward the restoration of the Rabbit Hash General Store. Although we are so blessed to have had so many corporate donations and benefits in our name, we still have not reached the original estimated goal to complete the project, Kayser said. The General Store is looking nearly perfect, but that comes at a cost of nearly $400,000. The store should be open by September 2017. (Lucy Lou) is proud of Brynn and her efforts to promote Rabbit Hash as a peaceful and loving environment and believes Brynn is fully capable of sinking her teeth into this job, Kayser said. Kayser said Lucy Lou spent most of election night sniffing Brynns butt, a common way of showing or gaining approval in Rabbit Hash elections. Lucy Lous advise for Mayor Brynn would be not to bite, stay fully vetted, and although it is acceptable to take a bone or two from the general public on occasion, not to make a habit of it. They play hell with a girls figure, Kayser said. Get to know your Mayor Brynn Bamfort Age: 2, will turn 3 in March Breed: Pit Bull Likes: tennis balls, children as long as they dont pull on her tail, her mom, Red River Gorge and Rabbit Hash. Dislikes: water, grumpy old men and leashes because they make it harder for her to monitor Rabbit Hash. Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> Preserve America Community: Rabbit Hash, Kentucky Rabbit Hash is a hamlet on the Ohio River that has been described as frozen in time. Consisting of a handful of historic properties, most of the community was purchased in 2002 by the Rabbit Hash Historical Society and placed on the National Register of Historic Places. No one is sure of the derivation of the town's unique name, but many believe it came into use after a flood drove hundreds of rabbits from the riverbankto become dinner for settlers. The Rabbit Hash General Store was built circa 1831 and is the best known and best preserved country store in Kentucky. Visitors can learn more about the community at the Rabbit Hash Museum. Rabbit Hash is an unincorporated community, but the Historical Society held a mayoral "election" in 1998 to raise funds to help restore an historic church. Votes cost a dollar, and the "election" resulted in thousands of dollars for the rehabilitation project and the choice of a dog as the community's unofficial mayor. The annual Rabbit Hash Old Timers Day, Boone County's largest single-day heritage event, draws up to 2,500 people to partake in music, food, and contests ranging from frog jumping to the rolling pin fling. For more information Boone County Heritage Tourism Council: www.boonecountyheritage.org Updated August 10, 2009 <N> Mayor Goofy Borneman was the first elected mayor of Rabbit Hash. Born of unknown parentage and adopted in 1985 by the Borneman/Calhoun family of Rabbit Hash, Goofy was raised as any local dog-resident of the town. His early years were happy ones, playing with the Bornemans son, Mike Calhoun. According to Mike, it was the standard boy-dog relationship with Goofy a constant companion for Mike as they traveled up and down Lower River Road. While Mike was in school, Goofy would still take the familiar path between his home and the Rabbit Hash General Store visiting neighbors and eating any scraps along the way. In his adolescence, Goofy ran into trouble. Lounging in the road proved to be a dangerous past-time as he was hit by cars more than once. He also had a stinky reputation and fell into trouble with his owner, Ed Borneman, when Goofy was allegedly found to be poaching town chickens. In his older years, Goofy settled down and was content to remain on the straight and narrow. In June 1998, upon Boone County, Kentuckys bicentennial celebration, the Rabbit Hash mayors race was announced. Although initially open to anyone in the area, only humans entered the race. After Jane and Randy Cochran entered their black Labrador Retriever, Herb, in the race, the Borneman family, finding that everyone in the town already held a relationship with their aging dog, Goofy, decided to enter him. The charisma of the Borneman family and the notorious reputation of Goofy led to a triumphant result as Goofy beat out famed woodcarver Crazy Clifford Pottorf and fellow four-legger Herb Cochran. Unfortunately for the town, the aging mayor did not get to serve an entire term, however long that may be, and passed away in July of 2001 at the astounding age of 16. Although his burial-in-landfill was lacking the traditional pomp and circumstance of a funeral for a notorious politician, he reign over the town was celebrated in a parade at the 2001 Old Timers Day. His legacy continued with the release of the 2004 documentary Rabbit Hash: Center of the Universe, which focused on his election, and the 2004 and 2008 runs and wins for Junior Cochran and Lucy Lou respectively. Having set the precedent for canine mayors, Goofy and his tradition has brought an overwhelming amount of positive attention and funds for the preservation of the aging river town. To Goofy and to the Borneman family, we are eternally grateful. R.I.P Goofy 1985-2001 <N> Elected 2008 Lucy Lou is a red & white border collie who has lived her whole life in Rabbit Hash. She broke the glass ceiling in 2008, as the first female to be elected mayor there. (She was preceded by Goofy, the first canine Mayor, and Junior, the first black mayor). Running on the popular campaign slogan The Bitch You Can Count On, her campaign contributed $8087 to the total of $21,921 raised by the overall election. Lucys political aspirations began at the tender age of 8 weeks, when she came to the Rabbit Hash General Store for a Sunday afternoon of live music behind the old wood stove. It was a balmy April day and the town was full of future constituents, most of them fawning at her pink padded paws. Former Mayor Junior Cochran was there. Lucy Lou was inspired by his courtly manor and stayed political correctness. Upon learning that a dog could indeed be a mayor, set her sights then and there for that very career. She worked hard, graduating with honors and an Obedience degree from Northern Kentucky K9 College (where she learned to sit, stay, come and to not drag underwear out of the clothes basket). She spent as much time as possible in Rabbit Hash learning the ways of the town. She began giving guided tours to visitors, and took care to never, ever pee on potential voters tires. Sadly, Mayor Junior passed away when Lucy Lou was about a year old. Although devastated by the demise of her mentor, she knew that the town of Rabbit Hash would soon be declaring a new election, as there are no provisions for interim mayor in the towns bylaws. The election was announced in August, 2008 at the annual Old Timers Day festival with the caveat that the race would be open to all biped, tri-ped and quadrupeds who could chase a rabbit into the town proper within one hours time from wherever they resided. Ducks and geese were not eligible. Lucy Lou exploded into the political arena, ready with posters, handouts, buttons and kissing every baby she could lay a tongue on. The race was fiercely contested by 10 other dogs, a cat, an opossum and a jack ass. The question Mayor Lucy Lou is most asked is, How does a DOG become mayor? Her answer: As with politics in every corner of the earth, the candidate with the most money wins. In Rabbit Hash, were just honest about it. Anyone of any age can vote, you can vote as many times as you like, and we encourage drinking at the polls. Lucy Lous executive staff have been heard to say on more than one occasion, We bought that election fair and square! Since becoming mayor, Lucy Lou has given many radio and magazine interviews, appeared on news segments to promote local events as well as a Japanese pet show, attended charity events, served as spokespet for a womens crisis center, shared a Talking Points walk with Bill Geist (CBS Sunday Morning), accepted a $1000 stimulus check from Readers Digest We Hear You America Tour, served as grand marshall of Covington KYs Paw-Rade, appeared in a segment of The List, and has placed 3 years in a row in the Best Elected Official category in CityBeat Magazines Best Of Cincinnati issue (winning 1st place in 2013). Celebrity aside, the mayors favorite responsibility is to greet visitors in Rabbit Hash. She doggedly trots up to every car, van, truck and motorcycle with stick in mouth, ready to welcome guests and promote her stick fetching Get Active program. (Apparently she she shares a lot of Americas first ladys fitness objectives). She also enjoys swimming in the Ohio River and continues to give guided tours of the town. PHOTO GALLERIES OLD TIMERS DAY <N> On September 5th of this year, 2015, our esteemed mayor, the honorable Lucy Lou, stunned the nation (well, maybe not the nation, but certainly the attendees of Old Timers Day) with the epic announcement that she will be instituting term limits in Rabbit Hash and retiring as mayor in order to run for the office of the President of The United Stated Of America! She feels that her 7 years in office have given her fresh ideas for a new approach to government. Lucy has stated, If you dont have a dog in this race, consider me. I am truly the bitch you can count on! LUCY LOU ON THE ISSUES  Smaller Government. It sure works in Rabbit Hash!  Term Limits. In Rabbit Hash and in Congress.  Strict limits on campaign donations. Equal kibble for all candidates! All those billions really could go to better causes than caustic tv commercials.  Equal marriage rights for all, within the species. Everyone should have the right to divorce whomever they choose!  Less gun regulation on hunting weapons and small arms, more on assault type rifles. The deer around here tell me if youre a good shot, you really dont need all that fire power.  Speaking of gun regulation, can we spend a little more on mental health care?  Taxes and overspending. Quit taxing everyone and everything to death. That goes for everyone. We dont even HAVE Rabbit Hash taxes. Everyone down here takes care of themselves and their own. DONATE To donate to Lucy Lous campaign, simply click on the donate button on any page on this website, it looks like this: To get involved, like her Facebook page at Mayor Lucy Lou, friend her personal page on Facebook at Lucy Lou, follow her on Twitter at twitter.com/MayorLucyLou and SPREAD THE WORD! MEDIA Huffington Post Interview Lucy Lou on Fox 19 morning news Lucy Lou of Fox and Friends Lucy Lou on TV1, Russia Mayor Lucy Lous Announcement IN DEPTH INTERVIEW This is the full, in depth Q & A with Arin Greenwood, the Animal Welfare Editor at The Huffington Post: Can you tell me about yourselves: who are you, where do you live, who do you live with (human and animal)? What do you and your family do for work, what do you do for fun? I am Lucy Lou, a purebred red and white border collie who was born in Lexington KY on February 1st, 2007. I am the great-granddaughter of The Wizard Of OZ, who won Best Of Breed at Westminster in 1998, one of the first years border collies were allowed to compete. He went on to become a Purina Dog Chow model. When I was 7 weeks old I was brought to Rabbit Hash KY (an unincorporated village in Boone County that covers 3 acres, has 7 buildings and boasts 1/2 resident (he winters in Florida), to meet my forever family. Rabbit Hash may be small, but anyone who lives within a 10 mile radius claims it as home. Every Sunday during the cold months, the Rabbit Hash General Store hosts live music behind the old wood stove, and that was one of those Sundays. It was a beautiful spring like day and had attracted quite the crowd. Even the former mayor, Junior Cochran, was there! I was introduced to my new handlers, Bobbi Kayser, a graphic artist who had lived in Rabbit Hash for 5 years, and David Rhodes Brown, a 6 and a half foot tall cowboy, who also happens to be a regionally famous musician. They took me to their property a mile away as the crow flies, and this is where my official residence is today. It is a beautiful 5 acre valley surrounded by creeks on 3 sides and backed by a hill that rises to our only neighbors property. We currently live there with my human brother, Ivan, my uncle, Diamond Boy (a black and white border collie who is 3 years younger than me), a cat named Mr. Fritz and 5 chickens, Bossy, Nellie, Marylin, Queen Latifa and Opra. I also maintain the Mayoral office in the back of the barn in the town proper. Bobbi and David own a small roofing company, as it is necessary to pay the bills, but Bobbis true passions are graphic arts and Rabbit Hash. She is the secretary of The Rabbit Hash Historical Society, who own and are tasked with the maintenance and preservation of the 184 year old hamlet that is a living piece of history on the banks of the Ohio River. David celebrated his 50th year in the music industry last year. His band, The Warsaw Falcons, was one of the most popular Cincinnati area bands for a 20 year stretch and are enjoying a resurgence in popularity right now. Hes been busy with numerous bands and projects in many different genres over the years, and enjoys being a benefactor to up and coming area musicians, although he likes to keep that private. We like to garden, play music, and get involved in our community. Diamonds job is to be Daddys truck buddy when hes in the roofing world field. He also protects the yard from coyotes at night. He taught himself their language and howls at them to stay away. The chickens provide eggs and entertainment, and the cat is pretty much a freeloading slacker, as most cats are. Of course, my job for the last 7 years has been Mayor of Rabbit Hash KY. My duties include welcoming visitors and giving guided tours of the town, raising health awareness among visitors and regulars with my stick fetching Get Active initiative, negotiating disputes between cats, dogs, cats and dogs and the occasional humans, keeping the town clean by making sure no bones are left lying around by the customers of the barbecue restaurant, monitoring the erosion of the riverbank with daily observational swims, advising my human on matters regarding the Rabbit Hash Historical Society, fundraising events for our town and various other charities, acting as good-will ambassador, running a booth for photo ops at our annual Old Timers Day festival and being available for radio, print, internet and television interviews among other things. What made you decide to run for mayor of Rabbit Hash? As I said, the very first day I arrived in Rabbit Hash, Mayor Junior Cochran was in attendance. Mayor Junior was a black lab (and our first black mayor, I might add). I was impressed by his regal stature and knowing countenance. When I found out that he was a mayor of a human town I was astounded! A DOG can be Mayor? I think my political aspirations began on that very day. I started gathering information on how a dog can become mayor. I found out that the only qualifications in Rabbit Hash are that all bi, tri and quadrupeds who can chase a rabbit from their home to the town proper within one hours time are eligible and that ducks and geese are excluded. (Only the Ohio River separates us from Rising Sun Indiana). Surely I was more qualified than just that! I also found out that there are no term limits in Rabbit Hash and that once elected, you are mayor for life. Our first canine mayor, Goofy, had to be put down after 3 years in office due to testicular cancer (we thought wed start a worldwide trend of euthanizing public officials and are still amazed THAT didt happen). Junior was an older dog at the time, almost 12 years old and as much as I respected him, I knew he wouldnt hold office much longer. It was around that time that I realized that every time I greeted a car to welcome visitors to town they would say, I think she wants us to follow her! And they did, so I got into the habit of giving guided tours of Rabbit Hash several times every day. That is when I knew I really was a leader not just among the animal population, but humans as well. Sadly, Mayor Junior succumbed to old age in the spring of 08. Since the town would observe a proper period of mourning before announcing our next mayoral election, I talked my people into preparing for the announcement. When the announcement was made on Old Timers Day in August of that year I was ready with campaign buttons and posters featuring the slogan, The Bitch You Can Count On. What are your proudest accomplishments as mayor?  Breaking the glass ceiling by becoming Rabbit Hashs first female mayor  Explaining the election process to Bill Geist of CBS Sunday Morning  Serving as SpokesPet for a womens crisis centers pet protection program  Cutting the ribbon at the grand opening ceremony for Rabbit Hashs new 4 hole outhouse  Appearing as grand marshal for several local pet parades  Accepting a $1000 stimulus check from Readers Digest We Hear You America Tour  Riding on the Rabbit Hash float during the Bockfest and the Cincinnati Reds Opening Day parades  Placing 3 years in a row in the Best Elected Official category in CityBeat Magazines Best Of Cincinnati issue (winning 1st place in 2013)  Appeared in a segment of The List, a national Emmy award winning show  Starred in a segment of a Japanese pet show  Greeted guests at the 10 year anniversary release of the remastered movie, Rabbit Hash, The Center Of The Universe at the Madison Theater  Initiating term limits on office in Rabbit Hash When did you decide to get involved with the race for US president? I started toying with the idea around the time the television news outlets started speculating on and announcing possible candidates for 2016. I approached the RHHS with the idea about 4 or 5 months ago. They pointed out that I cant remain mayor of Rabbit Hash and be President of The United States at the same time. That was when I broached the formerly taboo subject of imposing term limits in our town. Naturally they were surprised. I mean, you just never hear of legislators offering up their own jobs for the good of the people! I convinced them that since we depend solely on fundraising and donations for survival as a town and since our mayoral elections generate the biggest funds, it only makes sense to have them more often. Besides, I believe Ive reached my maximum potential as a public official in a small community. Its time to take the Rabbit Hash way to our great nation. After all, it works very well here. Why else would people call it The Center Of The Universe? Besides, all the other presidential candidates are dogs why shouldnt a real one run? What are your key issues?  Smaller Government. It sure works in Rabbit Hash!  Term Limits (see above).  Strict limits on campaign donations. Equal kibble for all candidates! All those billions really could go to better causes than caustic tv commercials.  Equal marriage rights for all. Everyone should have the right to divorce whomever they choose!  Less gun regulation on hunting weapons and small arms, more on assault type rifles. The deer around here tell me if youre a good shot, you really dont need all that fire power.  Speaking of gun regulation, can we spend a little more on mental health care?  Taxes and overspending. Quit taxing everyone and everything to death. That goes for everyone. What would be different or better in this country, if you were president? Id really like to say that by the end of my first term America will become a Utopia for all, but Im not going to lie. Im a border collie. Im incapable of lying! We wont have an Animal Farm type of government. I never listen to pigs. I will reduce the size of government, the reach of government and the unauthorized spending of government. To do that Id use Rabbit Hash, where citizens make responsible decisions, as a governmental model. It isnt perfect, but it is a proven fact that when you come to our town your blood pressure drops by at least 10 points. Wouldnt that be nice for the entire nation? Do you think being mayor has prepared you for the biggest political race in the country? Absolutely! Ive never met a constituent who didnt love me. I can work a crowd like my relatives can work sheep. Ive posed for pictures so many times its like breathing. I can fund-raise like nobodys business and can bark up any tree I have a mind to. Isnt that what all the other candidates do? What distinguishes you from the other animals running for president? How about the humans? First of all, I am a dog. Im hard working, loyal, obedient and loving. I have never met a cat, and only a few humans who possess all those qualities. Is there even such a thing as a working cat? Unlike Bitches the Cat, I keep my mouth clean (well, I lick my butt sometimes, but I dont use foul language), dont imbibe in catnip or other mood altering substances, and have not been blocked from Donald Trumps Twitter account. Im different from Limberbutt McNubbins in that I dont follow a single partys script. Limberbutt is an avowed democrat with a narrow vision. I will be running on the newly formed grassroots Indepawdent Party ticket, meaning Im open to all points of view. As a dog I wake up every single day of my life with one single thought and purpose in life: What can I do for my humans today? How many humans do you know with that quality? Have you been fully vetted? By a veterinarian and by the voters, I mean? Any skeletons in the closet? Yes. In the spirit of full disclosure, my vet has to treat me for occasional fleas and has put me on a regimen of diet kibble and a glucosamine supplement for my older joints. There are no skeletons in my closet. A few bones maybe, but no skeletons. Most dogs sleep 18 hours a day, minimum. Could you handle a presidents schedule? I will admit to having napped on the job in the past. I think I said that in an interview once, so I have to admit to it. But come on Im a BORDER COLLIE. We are addicted to work. Pick up any dog breed article and it will tell you, Border collies must have a job. If you fail to give them a job, they will create their own, sometimes with undesirable results. Border collies have been known to DIE because they dont know when to QUIT working. So, yeah. Im pretty sure I can handle a presidents schedule. Besides, I dont golf. Youve lived your whole life in Rabbit Hash. Are you ready to move to Washington? No, I will not be moving to Washington. It is my opinion that half the taxpayers dollars go to the maintenance, upkeep and staffing of that big white mausoleum in DC. I would like to privatize that building and utilize it as a national animal hospital and park. My humans are in the process of building our own white house right here in Rabbit Hash, and are willing to accept the responsibilities of running it themselves. We will also have a mid 1800s log cabin and a very nice outhouse on the property that dignitaries can use when they are visiting. Are you looking for donations? What will you do with the money? Will those who contribute get to come hang out with you at the White House when you win? Have you ever met a candidate who WASNT looking for donations? Yes, yes, yes, I want donations! Im not completely altruistic in my bid for the presidential candidacy. I do have a personal agenda as well. Rabbit Hash is in need of funds! There are serious and costly issues that need to be addressed, and the Historical Society needs money to keep this town as it has been for the last 184 years. My donations will go directly to the Rabbit Hash Historical Society (a completely volunteer non profit) for the preservation of a true gem of America. Contributors will definitely be invited to the new white house. Or at the very least, to my office in Rabbit Hash. Are you concerned at all that your age, and species, disqualifies you from holding the office? Not at all. Im only about 59 in people years. Ronald Reagan was 69 when he was first elected, and 73 when elected for a second term. Im a mere pup compared to him! My species could be a problem but I wont let that deter me. Theres always the write in vote! What will you do with yourself if you dont win? I will continue to support Rabbit Hash and our new mayor in any way I can. And theres always my guided tours! Anything else youd like my readers to know? A lot of people want to know exactly how a dog becomes mayor of a town. I tell them all the same thing: We bought that election fair and square! See, we know, just like everyone else in the world, that whoever has the most money in any given election is the candidate who will win. Its just that in Kentucky, particularly Rabbit Hash, were honest about it. We charge you $1 a vote, allow you to vote as many times as you want (even if youre dead), and encourage drinking at the polls because people tend to get looser with their wallets when the shine is flowing! We do not limit voting to just one jurisdiction. Thanks to the wonders of modern technology and PayPal, we can accept votes from all over the world. Our last election consisted of 10 dogs, a cat, an opossum and a jack ass and around $22,000 in votes were cast. Im proud to say that every single one of those votes were donated to The Rabbit Hash Historical Society who actually use the funds to maintain and preserve the community we live in. This could solve the national debt if instituted on a presidential campaign level. (disclaimer) Mayor Lucy Lou isnt REALLY running for POTUS. This is a fundraising attempt for the Rabbit Hash Historical Society. By donating to her campaign you are donating much needed funds to the RHHS for the preservation and maintenance of our 184 year old all wood historic town. Everything else on this page is COMPLETELY true! <N> Can tattoos embrace technology in order to make the skin interactive? The DermalAbyss project is the result of a collaboration between MIT researchers Katia Vega, Xin Liu, Viirj Kan and Nick Barry and Harvard Medical School researchers Ali Yetisen and Nan Jiang. DermalAbyss is a proof-of-concept that presents a novel approach to bio-interfaces in which the body surface is rendered an interactive display. Traditional tattoo inks are replaced with biosensors whose colors change in response to variations in the interstitial fluid. It blends advances in biotechnology with traditional methods in tattoo artistry. This is a research project, and there are currently no plans to develop Dermal Abyss as a product or to pursue clinical trials. <N> Interstitial Fluid Interstitial fluid makes up almost 40% of your weight Interstitial fluid makes up almost 40% of your weight Interstitial fluid is a thin layer of fluid which surrounds the bodys cells. Interstitial fluid has become useful in the monitoring of glucose levels in people with diabetes. Whilst interstitial is very rarely mentioned in every day conversation, it plays an important role in our body and makes almost 40% of the water in our body, accounting for about a sixth of our body weight. Role of interstitial fluid Interstitial fluid acts as a kind of fuelling station in terms of nutrients for our cells. Interstitial fluid contains glucose, salt, fatty acids and minerals such as calcium, magnesium and potassium. The nutrients in interstitial fluid come from blood capillaries. Interstitial fluid can also hold waste products which result from metabolism. Interstitial fluid, continuous glucose monitoring and diabetes Interstitial fluid has allowed new diabetes monitoring technology to be developed. Continuous glucose monitors (CGM) are machines which measure the glucose level within interstitial fluid. A small sensor is inserted just under skin and this is left in place for a number of days. The sensor is then able to read the glucose level within the surrounding interstitial fluid and send these readings to a display once every few minutes. Interstitial fluid and blood sugar levels The glucose level in interstitial fluid is not quite the same as that in our blood so a continuous glucose monitor will apply a formula to give a close guideline of what our blood glucose level is likely to be at that point in time. It is important to note that glucose levels in our blood rise and fall ahead of glucose levels in our interstitial fluid. The glucose level provided by a continuous glucose monitor will experience around a 10 minutes delay compared with the glucose level given by a blood glucose meter. Therefore, if you are using a CGM, and you suspect your blood glucose levels are rising or falling relatively quickly, it will be better to do a blood glucose test if you need an accurate result, such as if you are experiencing the signs of hypoglycemia. <N> Capitol Police Officer Crystal Griner  a married lesbian  was among those wounded during a shooting this week in the Virginia suburbs and received a visit from President Trump during his trip to the hospital to see the victims. Griner was among the five people shooter James T. Hodgkinson wounded on Wednesday during an incident at the Republican congressional baseball practice. On the House floor, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) praised her as one of the officers who saved lives during the shooting where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) was badly wounded. According to CBS News, Griner and Special Agent David Bailey rushed Hodgkinson despite their own wounds. After being shot in the ankle, she was taken to MedStar Washington Hospital Center. President Trump visited the officers at the hospital along with first lady Melania Trump, who presented Griner and her spouse a bouquet of flowers, according to a White House press corps pool report. Griner graduated in 2006 from Marylands Hood College, where she played on the basketball team. Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine is quoted in a CBS News report as praising Griner for her work during the shooting. She is amazing, and shes a hero, Dine was quoted as saying. She epitomized what being a heros all about. Trump also hailed Griner for her efforts in a statement in the Diplomatic Room of the White House shortly after the incident. Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very, very brutal assault, Trump said. Melania and I are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims. <N> CLAIM Photograph shows a KKK member being treated by an all-black emergency room staff. RATING ORIGIN One might think of the following image, which apparently captures a Ku Klux Klan member (presumably the victim of a trauma) being treated by an all-black emergency room staff, as the flipside of familiar accounts of blacks dying from treatable injuries during the Jim Crow era of segregation because they were refused treatment at whites-only hospitals. In this photograph, however, the black ER staff doesnt turn the tables by refusing to treat a KKK member despite his membership in an organization dedicated to terrorizing them; instead, they diligently work at saving his life, the same as they would for any other patient: Despite many viewers mistaking it for such, this photo was not a real historical image, nor was it a screen capture taken from an episode of the then-popular television hospital drama ER, (and the doctor shown in the center of the picture was not actor Eriq LaSalle, who portrayed surgeon Dr. Peter Benton in that TV series). <N> House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, two security agents, and an aide were shot this morning in Alexandria, Virginia, during a morning practice for the annual Congressional baseball game. While the suspect is in custody, the story is still very much developing, with details trickling in from the scene about how this happened and who was involved. Here's some information about the man behind the headline. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Steve Scalise represents Louisiana's 1st congressional district. Since 2008, Scalise has presided over this district, which includes the New Orleans suburbs down through the Mississippi delta. He is a career politician, first winning a spot in the Louisiana House of Representatives in 1995 while still in his twenties. He is a hard-line conservative. Scalise serves in the House Pro-Life Caucus, Second Amendment Task Force, and Tea Party Caucus. He co-sponsored legislation for a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between a man and a woman, as well as the Birthright Citizenship Act, H.R. 140, which would end birthright citizenship. He strongly supports the repeal and replace of Obamacare. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below He is a Trump supporter. While Scalise offered a lukewarm endorsement of Trump in 2016, he has made up for it by voting completely in line with President Trump's policies so far. After Trump's every move, Scalise tends to release a statement supporting it, as he did days ago with the president's decision to remove the United States from the Paris accords. "While the previous administration expressed open hostility to American manufacturing, it's refreshing that President Trump is focused on putting America first by negotiating sound deals that protect and create American jobsincluding the energy jobs that are so critical to our economy in Louisiana," he said. He's admitted to giving a speech to white supremacists. In 2002, Scalise spoke to the European Unity and Rights Organization, a group led by Duke, the former Grand Wizard of the KKK. "He told me he was like David Duke without the baggage," Stephanie Grace, a long-time political reporter, told The New York Times in 2014 of her first meeting with Scalise. "I think he meant he supported the same policy ideas as David Duke, but he wasn't David Duke, that he didn't have the same feelings about certain people as David Duke did." While Scalise admitted to the speech, he later claimed he didn't know their cause was white supremacy. Just a few days ago, he worked to repeal Dodd-Frank. The CHOICE Act passed the House last week, legislation that would gut most of the financial regulations passed during the financial crisis in 2008 and largely eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The extreme bill is not expected to pass the Senate in its current form. <N> Claim: House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was a guest speaker at a 2002 white supremacist organizations event in Metairie, Louisiana. MIXTURE Example: [Collected via e-mail, December 2014] What is true or false about the accusation that Steve scalise was an honored guest at a white supremacist luncheon in 2002? What is true or false about the accusation that Steve scalise was an honored guest at a white supremacist luncheon in 2002? Origins: On 28 December 2014, the web site CenLamar published an article titled House Majority Whip Steve Scalise Was Reportedly an Honored Guest at 2002 International White Supremacist Convention. According to the site, current House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, then a Louisiana state representative, was a guest speaker at an event hosted by the European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO), a group headed by former Klan leader and neo-Nazi David Duke, at the Landmark Best Western Hotel in Metairie, Louisiana, in May 2002. (EURO was a renamed version of Dukes NOFEAR group that advocated fighting for white civil rights for Europeans and Americans wherever they may live.) The dozen years elapsed between the EURO event in 2002 and the articles publication in 2014 made it markedly difficult to investigate the articles claims. At the time of the convention, much Internet-based political discussion occurred solely on message boards, many of which have long since been retired due to inactivity, abandoned, or became otherwise inaccessible for a variety of reasons. Following the articles publication, the claim was circulated and reposted on a number of left-leaning web sites. This repetition created the impression there were multiple sources documenting the claim; however, the information all pointed back to the same single source: Stormfront.org, a white supremacist message board with a lengthy and notorious history on the web. A 2002 post claiming Scalise attended the EURO conference held in Metairie that year became suddenly notable in late 2014. In that post, the writer stated: EUROs recent national convention held in the greater New Orleans area was a convergence of ideas represented by Americans from diverse geographical regions like California, Texas, New Jersey and the Carolinas. This indicates that concerns held are pervasive in every sovereign state and Republic alike, within an increasingly diminishing view of where America stands on individual liberty for whites. In addition to plans to implement tactical strategies that were discussed, the meeting was productive locally as State Representative, Steve Scalise, discussed ways to oversee gross mismanagement of tax revenue or slush funds that have little or no accountability. Representative Scalise brought into sharp focus the dire circumstances pervasive in many important, under-funded needs of the community at the expense of graft within the Housing and Urban Development Fund, an apparent give-away to a selective group based on race. There was also a call for the many women active in the movement to not only let their voice be heard, but their presence known. Recognizing the duties placed on white mothers to maintain decreasing birth rates, it was an appropriate call to arms to emphasize the unity message forming the basis of EURO. Aside from the single mention by a single user on one Internet forum back in 2002, no other record of such an appearance by Scalise emerged. A newsletter of indeterminate origin [PDF] appearing to be the work of David Duke, EUROs founder, listed the May 2002 events speakers but did not mention Scalise: On 29 December 2014 Moira Bagley Smith, a spokeswoman for Scalise, addressed the controversy by releasing a statement seemingly acknowledging Scalises appearance at the 2002 EURO event (without actually stating that he was there), maintaining that Scalise spoke to a number of diverse groups at the time in order to publicize his political platform and that Scalise held no affiliation with or sympathy for EURO and its objectives: Throughout his career in public service, Mr. Scalise has spoken to hundreds of different groups with a broad range of viewpoints. In every case, he was building support for his policies, not the other way around. In 2002, he made himself available to anyone who wanted to hear his proposal to eliminate slush funds that wasted millions of taxpayer dollars as well as his opposition to a proposed tax increase on middle-class families. He has never been affiliated with the abhorrent group in question. The hate-fueled ignorance and intolerance that group projects is in stark contradiction to what Mr. Scalise believes and practices as a father, a husband, and a devoted Catholic. Scalise himself also seemingly confirmed that he addressed a EURO group (again without actually stating that he did) in an interview with the New Orleans Time-Picayune, asserting that he didnt remember speaking at the event: Q: Please walk me through how you came to appear at the white nationalist event. A: I dont have any records from back in 2002, but when people called and asked me to speak to groups, I went and spoke to groups. It was myself and [former state Sen.] James David Cain who were opposed to the Stelly tax plan. I was the only legislator from the New Orleans area who was opposed to the plan publicly, so I was asked to speak all around the New Orleans region. I would go and speak about how this tax plan was bad. I didnt know who all of these groups were and I detest any kind of hate group. For anyone to suggest that I was involved with a group like that is insulting and ludicrous. I was opposed to a lot of spending of spending at the state level. When people asked me to go speak, I went and spoke to any group that called. Q: You dont remember speaking at the event? A: I dont. I mean Ive seen the blog about it. When you look at the kind of things they stand for, I detest these kinds of views. As a Catholic, I think some of the things they profess target people like me. At lot of their views run contradictory to the way I run my life. Kenny Knight, a longtime associate of David Duke who said he booked space for the 2002 EURO conference, asserted that Scalise didnt actually speak at the EURO conference itself, but rather to a contingent of people (including some EURO attendees) who had gathered earlier in the day prior to the EURO conference kick-off: According to Knight, the EURO conference was slated to start in the early afternoon, roughly around 1 p.m. But his reservation at the hotel gave him access to the conference space for a few hours before the events official kickoff. At the time, Knight headed the Jefferson Heights Civic Association, which was largely comprised of elderly people who lived in his and Scalises neighborhood. Knight said he set up a morning event for his own civic association in the hotel space before the EURO conference started. Though that event was in the conferences hospitality room, it wasnt at all related to the EURO event, he said. Knight invited thenstate Rep. Scalise as well as a representative from the Jefferson Parish Sheriffs Office and a person from the American Red Cross to speak to the civic association at the hotel. Knight estimates that about two-thirds to three-quarters of the people in the hospitality room at the civic association meeting were local residents who werent there to attend the EURO event, and about one-third to one-quarter were EURO convention attendees who arrived early and filtered into the hospitality room to drink coffee and kill time. Barbara Noble, Knights then-girlfriend who was also present at the hotel event, corroborated Knights account. [Scalise] was just up there for a few minutes, maybe 10, 15 at the most, and it was in the morning, she said. However, the Times-Picayune then poked holes in a number of Knights statements, namely his claims that he was not himself a member of EURO, did not line up speakers for the 2002 EURO conference, and was not himself present at the conference: Kenny Knight [said] that he was not a member of the European-American Unity and Rights Organization, but documents filed with the Louisiana secretary of states office list him as treasurer of its predecessor, the National Organization for European American Rights, in 2000. Further, a May 16, 2002, news release on an an archived version of EUROs former website, www.whitecivilrights.com, lists Knight as EURO Louisiana State Representative Kenny Knight. The release says Knight was expected to address the groups May 17-18, 2002, conference. When asked by telephone about the records listing him as EUROs treasurer, Knight twice hung up on a reporter. Is that 15 years ago? I dont even remember that, he said. Im not communicating any more with the news media. Im finished with yall. EURO head David Duke himself stated in a Washington Post interview that Scalise had indeed been invited to address the EURO gathering and had accepted that invitation and was present at the conference (although Duke was not himself present at the event and therefore didnt personally witness whatever Scalise may have done there): Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke said that his longtime political adviser, Kenny Knight, was friendly with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise in 2002, and cited that relationship as the reason Scalise accepted an invitation that year to speak at a gathering of white supremacists. Duke recalled Scalise as a nice guy and said he was invited to the conference by two of Dukes longtime associates: Howie Farrell, who had worked on Dukes gubernatorial campaign, and Kenny Knight. Scalise would communicate a lot with my campaign manager, Kenny Knight, Duke said. That is why he was invited and why he would come. Kenny knew Scalise, Scalise knew Kenny. They were friendly. Duke, who spoke to the crowd remotely, recalled Knight reaching out to Scalise in the weeks before the conference to come and update attendees on state affairs, and that Scalise accepted without reservation. Maybe that is evidence he knew what he was doing when he came to the meeting, Duke said. Who knows? All I know is that Kenny liked him. Duke said he spoke to the conference twice, once by phone and later by video hookup. But he did not hear Scalise speak, he said, and does not know whether Scalise heard him speak. <N> House Majority Whip Steve Scalise said he was frustrated and hurt by the media coverage of his speech to a white supremacist group, arguing his past work helping African-Americans in New Orleans was deliberately ignored. When you get into this line of work, youre in public office, you expect youre gonna have cheap shots taken at you. Thats part of the process, the Louisiana Republican said. The thing that probably frustrated me and hurt me the most was when there were inaccurate stories written about me or stories that were written that were trying to imply or infer things that werent true. ADVERTISEMENT In an exclusive sit-down interview with The Hill, the third-ranking House Republican spoke extensively for the first time about his speech more than a dozen years ago to a hate group founded by former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke. Some Democrats and conservative commentators quickly labeled him a racist for the 2002 speech to the European-American Unity and Rights Organization, also known as EURO. In January, The Hill reported that Scalise, as a state lawmaker in 1996, had tried to kill a resolution apologizing for the role slavery played in Louisianas history, while other reports highlighted his votes against the creation of a Martin Luther King Jr. holiday. At times, the political future of Scalise, a staunch conservative who rose last year to become the GOPs chief vote-counter in the House, appeared uncertain. But Scalise seems to have weathered the storm, and hes now embracing a new description: political survivor. Scalise said the media constructed a false narrative about his racial views. At the end of the day, I also reject bigotry and I reject things that they [EURO] stood for, Scalise said. Before Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005, Scalise spent his Saturdays coaching a basketball team made up of kids from a local housing project. And for a decade, Scalise served on the board of Teach for America of New Orleans, where he pushed for reforms to what he called one of the most failed and corrupt public school systems in the country. We had an almost 90 percent African-American population. And kids that were graduating that couldnt even pass the exit exam, they were being denied opportunities, Scalise recalled. We replaced it with a system of charter schools that have literally transformed not only the system, but have transformed peoples lives. The basketball league where Scalise volunteered was based in the B.W. Cooper Apartments, a crime-ridden public housing project in the heart of New Orleans. The only reason he stopped, Scalise says, is because Katrinas floodwaters heavily damaged the gymnasium and most of the housing units in the neighborhood. The kids I coached, every single one of them, either had a friend who had been shot or killed in drug violence. And these were kids just looking for a way out, Scalise said. One of my kids was shot in a drive-by shooting just standing on his porch. These are kids on the front lines of inner-city violence. Nobody wanted to talk about that because it didnt fit the false narrative, he said. At the end of the day, Im really proud of the work I did to help kids get an equal opportunity, and a lot of them have. Scalises new willingness to sit down with local and national news outlets is a signal that he plans to take a more visible role in leadership. He spent the first part of 2015 keeping his head down and mostly avoiding reporters. The whole experience, Scalise said, has helped him develop some thick skin. But he acknowledged the barrage of negative press took a toll on him. A practicing Catholic and married father of two, Scalise, 49, says he was particularly troubled when Democratic Rep. Cedric Richmond  one of his close friends from his days in the Louisiana statehouse  suffered blowback for coming to his defense. When the controversy first erupted, the African-American lawmaker declared that Scalise didnt have a racist bone in his body, and Richmond has helped facilitate meetings between Scalise and black leaders in recent weeks. Some of those people were attacked for trying to tell the truth. I think thats wrong, Scalise said. If telling the truth about somebody becomes something youre open to attack on, thats a real problem with some of how this town works. The four-term congressman might not be serving in House leadership today had it not been for Richmond, whose defense Republicans repeatedly cite whenever they're asked about the scandal. Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerFive GOP lawmakers mulling bid to lead conservative caucus Ex-lawmakers see tough job market with trade groups Veterans are left out of medical marijuana protections MORE (R-Ohio) and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) also chose to back Scalise as the controversy unfolded. Not all Republicans believe that Scalise is in the clear. As whip, Scalise is supposed to be one of the top fundraisers for House Republicans. But its unlikely that Republicans who represent swing districts would want help from someone with so much political baggage, said one former GOP leadership aide. If youre [Rep.] Martha McSally [R-Ariz.] or [Rep.] Elise Stefanik [R-N.Y], do you want Steve Scalise to come to your district right now? the aide said. Thats a real problem. When a local blogger broke the story just after Christmas, Scalise initially blamed his appearance at the EURO conference on the fact that he had just one staff member at the time and insisted he wasnt aware of what the group stood for. Since then, hes accepted responsibility, apologized and called it a mistake for agreeing to speak to any group that would listen to his plans for ending slush funds and stopping a proposed tax hike. In an effort to repair his relationship with the African-American community, Scalise held separate meetings with new Congressional Black Caucus Chairman G.K. Butterfield George (G.K.) Kenneth ButterfieldOn The Money: Harley-Davidson decision raises trade tensions with Trump | Senate panel to take up tariff legislation | CBO projects grim budget outlook under Trump | White House objects to measure on reinstating ZTE ban Dem lawmakers seek distance from Waters call for confrontation 'Diamond & Silk' offer chance for bipartisan push back on social media censorship MORE (D-N.C.), Assistant Democratic Leader James Clyburn (D-S.C.), and civil rights leaders Wade Henderson and Marc Morial, the former New Orleans mayor. So far, he hasnt taken up their suggestions that he co-sponsor voting-rights legislation or give a floor speech apologizing for his actions. But Scalise could be walking arm-in-arm with some prominent civil rights figures next year. Hes accepted an invitation to join the annual reenactment of the historic march in Selma, Ala. <N> Washington  As his colleagues played baseball in his honor Thursday evening, MedStar Washington Hospital Center medical gave an update on Rep. Steve Scalise, who remains in critical condition but has improved. Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership, was among six people who were injured after a gunman opened fire Wednesday in Alexandria, Virginia, during a Republicans' early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game. The gunman, identified by officials as James Hodgkinson, died after the shootout. "Earlier today, Congressman Steve Scalise underwent a second surgery related to his internal injuries and a broken bone in his leg," MedStar said in a statement Thursday. "He remains in critical condition, but has improved in the last 24 hours. The congressman will require additional operations, and will be in the hospital for some time." The Congressional Baseball Game , an annual tradition, went on as planned Thursday. Though the game pegs Republicans against Democrats, attendees and participating lawmakers showed unity in wake of the shooting. More than $1 million has been raised for Congressional Sports for Charity so far, the game's organizers announced. Instead of wearing hats representing their home teams, as is the normal tradition, this year players on both teams wore Louisiana State University hats in honor of Scalise, a Louisiana Republican, for part of the game. House Speaker Paul Ryan and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told CNN's Jake Tapper on "Erin Burnett OutFront" that despite party affiliation they were both on "Team Scalise" on Thursday. President Donald Trump, who visited Scalise in the hospital on Wednesday, sent a video message that played at the start of the game. "By playing tonight, you are showing the world that we will not be intimidated by threats, acts of violence, or assaults on our democracy," Trump said. "The game will go on." <N> Click here for 13 full quotes on Budget & Economy OR background on Budget & Economy. Voted YES on prioritizing spending in case debt limit is reached. (May 2013) Voted YES on terminating the Home Affordable mortgage Program. (Mar 2011) Voted NO on $192B additional anti-recession stimulus spending. (Jul 2009) Voted NO on modifying bankruptcy rules to avoid mortgage foreclosures. (Mar 2009) Voted NO on additional $825 billion for economic recovery package. (Jan 2009) Voted NO on monitoring TARP funds to ensure more mortgage relief. (Jan 2009) Voted NO on $15B bailout for GM and Chrysler. (Dec 2008) Voted NO on $60B stimulus package for jobs, infrastructure, & energy. (Sep 2008) Voted NO on defining "energy emergency" on federal gas prices. (Jun 2008) Balanced Budget Amendment with 3/5 vote to override. (Jan 2009) Proposing a balanced budget amendment to the US Constitution. (Jan 2011) Ban roadway signs indicating Recovery Act funding. (May 2011) Audit the Federal Reserve & its actions on mortgage loans. (Jan 2013) <N> Distress Centres is a service provide of Ontarios Online and Text Crisis and Distress Service (ONTX). The Online Chat & Text (ONTX) service allows individuals in the community to communicate with us without having to speak over the phone on one of our crisis lines. It is a safe, confidential, one-on-one conversation with a highly-trained volunteer responder. Service users are able to take the time that they may need to process what they want to say, work through how they are feeling, and communicate with privacy in a way that is comfortable for them. It also ensures that others cannot overhear them while they are connecting with us. We encourage those who would prefer to communicate with someone online or by text about their feelings, concerns or problems, to access our ONTX service which is available between 2pm to 2am each day and can be accessed via our website in the chat window or by texting 741741. Our Responders Are Here To Help Please remember that high-quality support is a two-way street and there is a code of conduct that we and you will adhere to. You will see it in the terms and conditions section you can agree to before your online chat session starts. It Is Confidential ONTX service is confidential and the name you offer can be an alias. You will notice that we are collecting some data regarding location, how you are feeling and whether we are offering you the help you need. Why are we doing this? To improve the quality of the service! The information you provide is not specific. It also helps us best serve the community in the future if you provide the information in both the pre and post surveys. <N> Texting In HOW DOES CRISIS TEXT LINE WORK? You text 741741 when in crisis, available 24/7 in the United States. A live, trained Crisis Counselor receives the text and responds quickly. The Crisis Counselor helps you move from a hot moment to a cool calm to stay safe and healthy using effective active listening and suggested referrals - all through text message, using Crisis Text Lines secure platform. For more detail, see How It Works. WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY "MOVE FROM A HOT MOMENT TO A COOL CALM?" Our Crisis Counselors bring texters "from a hot moment to a cool calm" using techniques in empathetic listening. Once theyve built rapport and trust, explored the issues, and established the texter's goal, they collaboratively problem-solve to help the texter come up with a plan to stay safe. WHO ARE THE CRISIS COUNSELORS? Our Crisis Counselors are dedicated, trained, supervised volunteers from around the United States. After a rigorous multi-stage application process, background check, and training program, each commits to 200 total hours of volunteering. Supervisors (Staff who all have Master's degrees in a relevant field, or commensurate crisis intervention experience) oversee the Crisis Counselors. WHAT CAN I EXPECT WHEN I TEXT IN? Youll receive an automated text asking you what your crisis is. Within minutes, a live trained crisis counselor will answer your text. They will help you out of your moment of crisis and work with you to create a plan to continue to feel better. IS CRISIS TEXT LINE CONFIDENTIAL? Yes. Crisis Counselors only know what texters share with them, and that information stays between you, unless sharing it with emergency services is absolutely necessary for your safety. We take your confidentiality seriously. Check out our terms of service here. HOW MUCH DOES CRISIS TEXT LINE COST? We do not charge texters. If your cell phone plan is with AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, or Verizon, texts to our short code, 741741 are free of charge. If you have a plan with a different carrier, it works just like texting a friend: standard text message rates apply. WILL CRISIS TEXT LINE APPEAR ON MY CELL PHONE BILL? Nothing will appear on your bill if your cell phone plan is with AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, or Verizon. (Read about how this happened here). If your plan is with another carrier, our short code, 741741, will appear on your billing statement. WILL CRISIS TEXT LINE WORK ON MY CELL PHONE? Crisis Text Line works on all major US carriers and most minor regional carriers. However, shortcodes (like 741741) are not allowed on many prepaid plans like T-Mobile's. If you are unable to reach us via text, you can do so via Facebook Messenger at facebook.com/crisistextline. CAN I TEXT IN MORE THAN ONCE? You can text in again if you are experiencing a crisis. However, you should not feel dependent on us. Crisis Text Line is not a replacement for long-term counseling, in-person therapy, or a friend. HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO WAIT FOR A COUNSELOR? Our goal is to respond to every texter in under 5 minutes. During high volume times, like at night or when we go viral on social media, wait times may be longer. IS THERE A CHARACTER LIMIT WHEN TEXTING CRISIS TEXT LINE? Yes, our system is only able to process 140 characters in one message. WHY AM I RECEIVING AN ERROR MESSAGE OR NO RESPONSE AT ALL? Sadly, there are some carriers who have not adopted the use of shortcodes--and the small percentage of people with these phones can't use Crisis Text Line via SMS. (We hear that sometimes you get an auto-error response. Sometimes nothing at all. We know this isn't ideal, and we wish those carriers would enable us!) If your phone carrier doesn't enable shortcodes, contact us via Facebook Messenger at facebook.com/crisistextline. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A TEXTER IS IN IMMINENT RISK OF SUICIDE? In cases when a texter is in immediate danger of suicide or homicide, as determined by a risk assessment by the Crisis Counselor and Supervisor, our first step is to try to work with the texter to form a safety plan. If the texter is unable to plan for their own safety, the Supervisor may contact emergency services, who may dispatch a wellness check. Messaging Apps IS THERE ANY OTHER WAY TO REACH CRISIS TEXT LINE BESIDES TEXT? Yes, were leveraging messaging apps! You can reach us through Facebook Messenger. Using the Send Message button at facebook.com/crisistextline button will connect you to a live Crisis Counselor. Were also available on Kik. If you indicate you are in crisis to select Kik bots, you may be pointed to Crisis Text Line for further help. We are NOT yet available on other messaging apps, including WhatsApp, Google Voice, and TextNow. We apologize for any inconvenience and invite you to use Facebook Messenger if you're unable to use regular SMS for any reason. These services are for people in crisis. Have a general inquiry? Email _EMAIL_ IF I REACH OUT VIA AN APP, DOES CONFIDENTIALITY APPLY? Yes. Crisis Counselors only know what texters share with them, and that information stays between you, unless sharing it with emergency services is absolutely necessary for your safety. We take your confidentiality seriously. Check out our terms of service here. IF I REACH OUT VIA FACEBOOK MESSENGER, WHO HAS ACCESS TO THE DATA? Three parties: you (in your Messenger thread), Crisis Text Line, and Facebook. IF I REACH OUT VIA A MESSAGING APP, HOW DO I GET MY DATA DELETED? Message us back with the word LOOFAH. Well scrub your data from our system, and make a request to Facebook to do the same. Kik doesnt collect message level data. IF I REACH OUT VIA A MESSAGING APP, WHICH TERMS OF SERVICE APPLY TO ME? By contacting Crisis Text Line through Facebook Messenger or Kik, users agree to the messaging apps Terms of Service, as well as Crisis Text Lines Terms of Service. Volunteering HOW CAN I BECOME A VOLUNTEER? We are always accepting applications! Apply here. WHAT ARE THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BECOMING A VOLUNTEER? To become a Crisis Counselor, you must: Pass a background check Have a US Social Security number (in order to complete the background check; Crisis Text Line won't see or store your SSN) Be at least 18 years old Have access to a computer with a secure, reliable internet connection Commit to volunteering 200 total hours (typically completed over a year) HOW DO VOLUNTEERS SEND AND RECEIVE MESSAGES FROM TEXTERS IN CRISIS? Crisis Counselors interact with texters through our secure online platform, from a personal laptop or desktop computer, during their scheduled shifts. Neither sees the other's phone number. WHAT IS THE TIME COMMITMENT OF VOLUNTEERS? We ask our volunteers to commit to volunteering 200 total hours. 4 hours per week for a year is strongly encouraged. HOW ARE VOLUNTEERS TRAINED? Crisis Counselors graduate from a 30-hour program that includes: video modules that cover (a) specific skills such as good contact techniques; (b) issues such as self-harm, suicide, depression, bullying, and LGBTQ issues, as well as quizzes, role plays, and observations shifts. Our training has been vetted by representatives from national organizations like American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, and RAINN (Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network). We offer our training in a traditional six-week format or an accelerated 15 day format. Both courses cover the same material and have equal requirements. Accepted applicants should evaluate their personal commitments and needs when selected the program that best suits their needs. WHEN IS YOUR NEXT CRISIS COUNSELOR TRAINING? We accept applications on a rolling basis. A new training cohort starts every two weeks, so apply whenever you're ready. (Note that an acceptance into training is valid for two attempts - you will be asked to re-apply if unable to complete training after two attempts. Were excited to meet you! CAN I VOLUNTEER FOR SCHOOL CREDIT? We love students and welcome them to apply to volunteer with us! Our 200-hour commitment applies to all Crisis Counselors, including those who are volunteering to meet a shorter external commitment. Additionally, Crisis Text Line is currently not able to serve as a field placement for MSW and similar programs, or provide: personal performance evaluations, letters of recommendation, field instruction, or in-person/remote campus visits. ARE VOLUNTEERS SUPERVISED? Yes. Our experienced, full-time staff Supervisors oversee and assist our volunteers on the platform. WHAT POLICIES MUST VOLUNTEERS FOLLOW? You can read our volunteer policies and guidelines here. Data WHAT ISSUES DO YOU TRACK? CAN YOU ADD MORE? See the issues we track at www.crisistrends.org . If youre a researcher or practitioner with interest in another issue, submit your suggestion in the form at the bottom of www.crisistrends.org . WHO CAN APPLY FOR ACCESS TO CRISIS TEXT LINE'S DATA? Applications for data access are closed. WHAT IS LORIS.AI? Loris.ai is a for-profit subsidiary of Crisis Text Line that will sell training to companies interested in stepping up their empathy game. Learn more here. Donate IS CRISIS TEXT LINE REALLY A NOT-FOR-PROFIT? Yes, we are! Here are our latest financials. HOW IS CRISIS TEXT LINE FUNDED? (HOW CAN IT BE TOTALLY FREE?) We're privately funded. This means we receive funding from foundations, individuals, and corporations. Its important to us that a high quality service is accessible to anyone who needs it, and that the data is all in one place. Money shouldnt be a barrier to help. WHERE CAN I FIND CRISIS TEXT LINE'S FORM 990? 2016 here and 2015 here. I SAW YOU RAISED A BUNCH OF MONEY FOR THE ORG. WHERE IS IT ALL GOING? We are focused on three main initiatives: Supporting our Crisis Counselor community with better products and more emotional support Integrating with tech companies to provide support to users inside things like After School, Kik, YouTube, and Facebook Messenger White labeling our service for other orgs and locations-- providing a free text service for the National Eating Disorder Association and cities like Newark and Atlanta. HOW CAN I DONATE TO CRISIS TEXT LINE? You can donate via PayPal here , or by sending a check to: Crisis Text Line Attn: Finance Dept. PO Box 1144 New York, NY 10159 IS MY DONATION TO CRISIS TEXT LINE TAX-DEDUCTIBLE? Yes! Upon receiving your donation, well send you a thank-you letter that clarifies your donation is tax deductible. Partnerships & Media WHO CAN PARTNER WITH CRISIS TEXT LINE? We partner with not-for-profits, colleges and universities, and corporations. Want to partner? Fill out this form! HOW DO YOU PARTNER WITH CORPORATIONS? We work with companies like YouTube, After School, Kik, Facebook and Instagram to seamlessly connect their users who are in crisis to our trained Crisis Counselors. We also do cause marketing campaigns with brands who want to raise money and/or awareness for Crisis Text Line. CAN I GET MARKETING MATERIALS TO SHARE WITH MY COMMUNITY? Absolutely. Download our texter one-pager or volunteer one-pager. Also check out our School Toolkit. WHO DO I CONTACT FOR A PRESS INQUIRY? Email _EMAIL_ You're encouraged to check out our media page first! <N> The text message to a DoSomething.org staffer read: "He won't stop raping me. He told me not to tell anyone." Those words quickly made their way to Nancy Lublin, the CEO of the New York City-based youth empowerment group, which runs do-good campaigns by text, like initiatives for gender-neutral bathrooms and sharing tips to prevent texting while driving. Lublin's staff had received a few messages  concerns about bullying and the like  unrelated to their campaigns, but "that one message stopped me in my tracks," Lublin said. "It was like being punched in the stomach. The first rule of marketing and sales is: Go where demand is. People want this by text. We should be supplying crisis counseling by text." That week, Lublin started building Crisis Text Line, a national 24/7 text number  741741  available to everyone but mostly used by teens. It went live two years later in 2013 in Chicago and El Paso, Texas. Chicago was chosen because of the influence of an early funder, the Chicago-based MacArthur Foundation. El Paso was a data-driven decision based on its large Latino population. The median teen texter sends 60 text messages a day. For whites, it's 50 per day; blacks, 80 per day; and Latinos, 100 per day. If you're an older girl, age 14-17, the median is 100 texts a day. These figures are likely low compared to current habits as they're based on a 2011 Pew Research Center survey. The data on Latinos help explain why text line usage in El Paso exceeded Chicago's by three times, Lublin said. Within four months, the line had been contacted by cellphones from every area code in America. The organization is expected to surpass 7 million messages by July, and Lublin is now in need of more counselors. (Tribune Graphics) If a texter is in immediate danger, a supervisor, who is a licensed social worker or mental health professional, is involved and police are called. The line handles an average of 2.5 "active rescues" per day. Yes, they have liability insurance. Algorithms and other software help counselors more quickly identify the root problem and get teens connected with local resources. Given that the line tracks every word exchanged, Lublin is sitting on a growing trove of mental health data accessible at crisistrends.org, which is becoming robust enough that Lublin hopes it will soon be used to influence how schools, hospitals and law enforcement allocate resources. LGBT issues, for instance, peak on Sundays and Mondays, perhaps due to church and the start of the school week, then taper to a Friday low. Says Lublin: "Fridays are the best days to be gay in America!" Texts about suicide are most prevalent in rural states like Alaska and Montana. Eating disorder issues peak on Sundays. Lublin: "It sure looks like a family problem, not a school problem." Volume decreases overall during holidays but rises in the spring. "Prom season, testing season, college-acceptance season," Lublin said. Then there are some patterns even Lublin and Bob Filbin, the line's chief data scientist, can't explain: Chicago experiences peak text volume on Wednesdays. And texts regarding substance abuse peak nationwide  more like skyrocket  at 5 a.m. "This one is the weirdest," Lublin said. "A massive spike at 5 a.m. I have no idea why. Is that when a high wears off? We see our role as providing data. But researchers should go nuts with these charts. What should it mean for Chicago schools to know Wednesday is a tough day?" The next step is prediction, tools the line is testing. For instance, the line now knows texters who use the words "sex," "oral" and "Mormon" are likely experiencing issues with their sexuality, and the software automatically will pull up appropriate resources in the texters' area code on the counselor's computer. Filbin also is working on a tool that will, based on historical data, help counselors identify the root issue quicker. The software, for instance, would be able to decipher that a texter who initially reports having trouble with his or her homework might really be grappling with suicidal thoughts, Filbin said. "Texting is shown to be in the research, the most honest form of digital communication," Filbin said. "It feels more private. You can be more discreet, say, in a school bathroom stall. ... And we're moving to that point where we have enough data, if not the largest corpus, on people in crisis in the country, and that's only going to grow, to be able to identify patterns that aren't visible to the naked eye." Counselors use a lot of therapeutic techniques, like asking open-ended questions, but it's not a therapy session, Lublin emphasizes. Frequent texters are put on action plans. Whereas 3 percent of texters were once taking up 34 percent of conversation minutes, that has been reduced to 8 percent. "(We're) not trying to be therapy for people or be their best friend," said Lublin, who will leave DoSomething later this year to focus full time on the text line. "We're trying to get them to a cooler moment and in a place where they can help themselves." So they ask just one follow-up question of their texters after the conversation has ended: "Are you feeling better?" That's the most important data point of all. _EMAIL_ Twitter @chiconfidential <N> LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com)  Sears is now selling Free Palestine t-shirts  and some shoppers are calling for a boycott over the move. The department stores website features more than a dozen search results for the word Palestine, including shirts that read Free Gaza, End Israeli Occupation and other similar phrases. One shirt design features the image of a head-covered terrorist inside the shape of a Palestinian flag, while another shirt sports a clenched fist in the colors of the Palestinian flag. Perhaps the most controversial item on the site is a shirt that reads Free Palestine over an image of the outline of the entire state of Israel. The shirts all appeared to be sold by German clothing company Spread Shirt. Jewish advocacy group Bnai Brith issued a statement saying: We are appalled at Sears jumping into a geo-political issue by selling glib t-shirts that proclaim Free Palestine  seriously? After reports began circulating on social media, the hashtag #BoycottSears reemerged Tuesday morning. Aww that's so cute! A Hail Mary by @Sears to stir up some attention to remain relevant. I'd say #boycottsears but every1 already has  pic.twitter.com/uSCvZSquv0  A (@aslk888) June 6, 2017 #boycottsears shameful hateful militant shirt Free Palestine from Israel Pull bad product off shelves. Every Jew & Christian support Israel  Andrea Joy Bellitto (@Pandy1969) June 6, 2017 @Sears SHAME on you for being so ignorant. Get these OFF your website. #boycottsears pic.twitter.com/DID34z3Nur  Sari Setton (@SarSet) June 6, 2017 I will no longer be shopping at @Sears for selling "Free Palestine" shirts that show a map of the entire State of #Israel #BoycottSears  alex berger (@alexberger56) June 6, 2017 The same hashtag was used back in February after Sears and other retailers announced they would no longer sell some items from Ivanka Trumps clothing and accessories line. <N> Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World. As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner. For $5 a month you will receive access to the following: A user uxperience almost completely free of ads Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel Help us grow and continue telling Israels story to the world. Thank you, Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief <N> Sears makes it easy for Canadian customers to shop for pickup in the United States. Simply log into www.sears.com and you can order anything you want for USA delivery, from sturdy Craftsman lawn and garden tools to dependable Die Hard car batteries. Whether you're planning on picking up your order in an American Sears location or shipping to an American address, the process is simple and hassle-free. The USA pick up in store feature at Sears puts your shopping convenience first. If you're planning a trip across the border, simply place your orders online before you leave and you can pick up your purchases at any USA Sears location at your convenience. On the other hand, if you're shipping to friends and relatives on the other side of the border, Sears' USA delivery feature is an easy way to send them the perfect present. You can choose to ship your online purchase to any USA address, even hotels. Road trips become even more fun when you've got purchase pickups to look forward to, while business travelers will love the ease of doing a little personal shopping in the middle of a crowded itinerary. It's easy to get packages of any size delivered to a USA address, at Sears. From small Kenmore kitchen appliances to large shipments like Samsung flat panel TVsand Sealy mattresses, Sears makes cross border shipping and pickup easy. Save big by shopping from the comfort of your own home today. <N> On 5 June 2017, the Department of Justice announced that it had charged a government contractor, 25-year old Reality Leigh Winner, with removing classified material from a government facility and mailing it to a news outlet. According to a Department of Justice press release: Winner is a contractor with Pluribus International Corporation assigned to a U.S. government agency facility in Georgia. She has been employed at the facility since on or about February 13, and has held a Top Secret clearance during that time. On or about May 9, Winner printed and improperly removed classified intelligence reporting, which contained classified national defense information from an intelligence community agency, and unlawfully retained it. Approximately a few days later, Winner unlawfully transmitted by mail the intelligence reporting to an online news outlet. According to their web site, Pluribus International Corporation specializes in providing high quality analytical, operational, engineering, and program management support services to Federal Government customers. While the official statements did not specify the nature of the documents or the media outlet to which they were sent, NBC News confirmed via a senior federal official that the outlet in question was The Intercept, and that the document leaked to them describes new details about Russian efforts to hack voting systems in the U.S a week prior to the 2016 presidential election. That report, published the same day as the arrest, refuted Russian President Vladimir Putins widely-reported claim that his country had not officially engaged in interfering with the American election at the state level: The report indicates that Russian hacking may have penetrated further into U.S. voting systems than was previously understood. It states unequivocally in its summary statement that it was Russian military intelligence, specifically the Russian General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate, or GRU, that conducted the cyber attacks described in the document. An affidavit filed in support of Winners arrest warrant explained that investigators located her as a source based on the tri-folded crease pattern in a scanned version of the document published by the outlet to which it was leaked: The U.S. Government Agency examined the document shared by the News Outlet and determined the pages of the intelligence reporting appeared to be folded and/or creased, suggesting they had been printed and hand-carried out of a secured space. [The Agency] conducted an internal audit to determine who accessed the intelligence reporting since its publication. [They] determined that six individuals printed this reporting. Winner was one of these six individuals. A further audit of the six individuals desk computers revealed that Winner had e-mail contact with the News Outlet. The audit did not reveal that any of the other individuals had e-mail contact with the News Outlet. During a search of her property, the press release stated, Winner admitted to printing the classified intelligence reporting at issue and to removing the classified intelligence reporting from her office space, retaining it, and mailing it from Augusta, Georgia, to the news outlet. In a statement to NBC news, Winners lawyer, Titus Thomas Nichols, stressed that his client has no prior criminal history and is looking forward to putting this behind her. <N> WASHINGTON--Next time you make a printout from your color laser printer, shine an LED flashlight beam on it and examine it closely with a magnifying glass. You might be able to see the small, scattered yellow dots printed there that could be used to trace the document back to you. According to experts, several printer companies quietly encode the serial number and the manufacturing code of their color laser printers and color copiers on every document those machines produce. Governments, including the United States, already use the hidden markings to track counterfeiters. Peter Crean, a senior research fellow at Xerox, says his company's laser printers, copiers and multifunction workstations, such as its WorkCentre Pro series, put the "serial number of each machine coded in little yellow dots" in every printout. The millimeter-sized dots appear about every inch on a page, nestled within the printed words and margins. "It's a trail back to you, like a license plate," Crean says. The dots' minuscule size, covering less than one-thousandth of the page, along with their color combination of yellow on white, makes them invisible to the naked eye, Crean says. One way to determine if your color laser is applying this tracking process is to shine a blue LED light--say, from a keychain laser flashlight--on your page and use a magnifier. Crime Fighting vs. Privacy Laser-printing technology makes it incredibly easy to counterfeit money and documents, and Crean says the dots, in use in some printers for decades, allow law enforcement to identify and track down counterfeiters. However, they could also be employed to track a document back to any person or business that printed it. Although the technology has existed for a long time, printer companies have not been required to notify customers of the feature. Lorelei Pagano, a counterfeiting specialist with the U.S. Secret Service, stresses that the government uses the embedded serial numbers only when alerted to a forgery. "The only time any information is gained from these documents is purely in [the case of] a criminal act," she says. John Morris, a lawyer for The Center for Democracy and Technology , says, "That type of assurance doesn't really assure me at all, unless there's some type of statute." He adds, "At a bare minimum, there needs to be a notice to consumers." If the practice disturbs you, don't bother trying to disable the encoding mechanism--you'll probably just break your printer. Crean describes the device as a chip located "way in the machine, right near the laser" that embeds the dots when the document "is about 20 billionths of a second" from printing. "Standard mischief won't get you around it," Crean adds. Neither Crean nor Pagano has an estimate of how many laser printers, copiers, and multifunction devices track documents, but they say that the practice is commonplace among major printer companies. "The industry absolutely has been extraordinarily helpful [to law enforcement]," Pagano says. According to Pagano, counterfeiting cases are brought to the Secret Service, which checks the documents, determines the brand and serial number of the printer, and contacts the company. Some, like Xerox, have a customer database, and they share the information with the government. Crean says Xerox and the government have a good relationship. "The U.S. government had been on board all along--they would actually come out to our labs," Crean says. History Unlike ink jet printers, laser printers, fax machines, and copiers fire a laser through a mirror and series of lenses to embed the document or image on a page. Such devices range from a little over $100 to more than $1000, and are designed for both home and office. Crean says Xerox pioneered this technology about 20 years ago, to assuage fears that their color copiers could easily be used to counterfeit bills. "We developed the first (encoding mechanism) in house because several countries had expressed concern about allowing us to sell the printers in their country," Crean says. Since then, he says, many other companies have adopted the practice. The United States is not the only country teaming with private industry to fight counterfeiters. A recent article points to the Dutch government as using similar anticounterfeiting methods, and cites Canon as a company with encoding technology. Canon USA declined to comment. <N> WASHINGTON  The affordability and growing popularity of color laser printers is raising concerns among civil liberties advocates that your privacy may not be worth the paper you're printing on. More manufacturers are outfitting greater numbers of laser printers with technology that leaves microscopic yellow dots on each printed page to identify the printer's serial number  and ultimately, you, says the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation, one of the leading watchdogs of electronic privacy. The technology has been around for years, but the declining price of laser printers and the increasing number of models with this feature is causing renewed concerns. The dots, invisible to the naked eye, can be seen using a blue LED light and are used by authorities such as the Secret Service to investigate counterfeit bills made with laser printers, says Lorelei Pagano, director of the Central Bank Counterfeit Deterrence Group. Privacy advocates worry that the little-known technology could ensnare political dissidents, whistle-blowers or anyone who prints materials that authorities want to track. "There's nothing about this technology that limits its application to counterfeit investigations," says Seth Schoen, a computer programmer with the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "Some people who aren't doing anything wrong may have their privacy threatened." Schoen's tests have found the dots produced by 111 color laser printers made by 13 companies including Xerox, Canon, Hewlett-Packard, Epson and Brother. The dots are produced only on laser devices and not ink-jet printers, which are most commonly used at home. But laser printers, which produce more durable images, are becoming increasingly popular as their price has dropped to as low as $300, says Angele Boyd, a vice president of IDC Research. Although laser printers made up only 4% of the 33 million printers sold last year in the USA, their sales have been growing by double digits since 2004, Boyd says. The technology began as laser printers were first produced in the mid-1980s and governments and banks feared an explosion of counterfeiting, Xerox spokesman Bill McKee says. "In many cases, it is a requirement to do business internationally that the printers are equipped with this technology," McKee says. The dots tell authorities the serial number of a printer that made a document. In some cases, it also tells the time and date it was printed, Pagano says. "The Secret Service is the only U.S. body that has the ability to decode the information," she says. Printer makers "cooperate with law enforcement" and will tell authorities where a printer was made and sold, McKee says. The Secret Service uses the dots only to investigate counterfeiting, agency spokesman Ed Donovan says. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more <N> back to home Press release by the Chairman of the Governors of the Group of Ten (G10) 10 May 2000 At their meeting on 8 May 2000 in Basel, the Governors of the G10 central banks examined the problems raised by the use of personal computers in counterfeiting banknotes. In response to the threat of increasing use of personal computers and digital imaging tools, the Governors authorised work by a group of central banks (SSG 2(1)) to develop a system to deter PC-based counterfeiting. The SSG 2(1) and its representatives have begun soliciting support from the Industry and cooperating with manufacturers and software developers to facilitate adoption of the system. The Governors fully endorse these efforts and call upon the Industry to actively support deployment of this system. Central banks and technology industry join to combat banknote counterfeiting Bank for International Settlement, 9 March 2004 In response to the threat of increasing use of personal computers and digital imaging tools in counterfeiting banknotes, the Governors of the G10 central banks authorised in May 2000 the development by a group of central banks of a system to deter PC-based counterfeiting. At their meeting in March 2004, the Governors took note of important progress in this area. The Central Bank Counterfeit Deterrence Group (CBCDG) has now developed the Counterfeit Deterrence System, consisting of anti-counterfeiting technologies which prevent personal computers and digital imaging tools from capturing or reproducing the image of a protected banknote. Several leading personal computer hardware and software manufacturers have voluntarily adopted the system in recognition of the harm that counterfeit currency can cause their customers and the general public. The technology does not have the capacity to track the use of a personal computer or digital imaging tool and consumers will not notice any difference in the performance or effectiveness of products equipped with this technology. Further information is available on the website www.rulesforuse.org, which has links to the regulations of various countries governing the reproduction of banknotes. In countries where the new technology restricts a user's ability to copy images of banknotes, the central bank (or the appropriate authority) will make available banknote images for reproduction in accordance with its requirements. The www.rulesforuse.org website directs users to the procedures and sources of banknote images for countries where they are available. What is the CBCDG? The CBCDG's mission is to investigate emerging threats to the security of banknotes and to propose solutions for implementation by issuing authorities. The CBCDG is a working group of 27 central banks and note printing authorities. Its Chairman is Mr. Marc Salade(2), National Bank of Belgium. Ms Lorraine Laviolette, Bank of Canada, serves as the Project Director of CBCDG activities. The CBCDG meets annually at the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) in Basel, where its secretariat is located. Footnote: 1 The name of the group was changed from SSG 2 to CBCDG subsequent to the issuance of the Press Release 2 Effective 19 November 2004 Ms Bonnie Schwab, Bank of Canada, resumed chairmanship, from Mr. Marc Salade, who returned to his role as Deputy Chairman. <N> Tiny Dots Show Where and When You Made Your Print San Francisco - A research team led by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) recently broke the code behind tiny tracking dots that some color laser printers secretly hide in every document. The U.S. Secret Service admitted that the tracking information is part of a deal struck with selected color laser printer manufacturers, ostensibly to identify counterfeiters. However, the nature of the private information encoded in each document was not previously known. "We've found that the dots from at least one line of printers encode the date and time your document was printed, as well as the serial number of the printer," said EFF Staff Technologist Seth David Schoen. You can see the dots on color prints from machines made by Xerox, Canon, and other manufacturers (for a list of the printers we investigated so far, see: _LINKS_. The dots are yellow, less than one millimeter in diameter, and are typically repeated over each page of a document. In order to see the pattern, you need a blue light, a magnifying glass, or a microscope (for instructions on how to see the dots, see: _LINKS_. EFF and its partners began its project to break the printer code with the Xerox DocuColor line. Researchers Schoen, EFF intern Robert Lee, and volunteers Patrick Murphy and Joel Alwen compared dots from test pages sent in by EFF supporters, noting similarities and differences in their arrangement, and then found a simple way to read the pattern. "So far, we've only broken the code for Xerox DocuColor printers," said Schoen. "But we believe that other models from other manufacturers include the same personally identifiable information in their tracking dots." You can decode your own Xerox DocuColor prints using EFF's automated program at _LINKS_. Xerox previously admitted that it provided these tracking dots to the government, but indicated that only the Secret Service had the ability to read the code. The Secret Service maintains that it only uses the information for criminal counterfeit investigations. However, there are no laws to prevent the government from abusing this information. "Underground democracy movements that produce political or religious pamphlets and flyers, like the Russian samizdat of the 1980s, will always need the anonymity of simple paper documents, but this technology makes it easier for governments to find dissenters," said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Lee Tien. "Even worse, it shows how the government and private industry make backroom deals to weaken our privacy by compromising everyday equipment like printers. The logical next question is: what other deals have been or are being made to ensure that our technology rats on us?" EFF is still working on cracking the codes from other printers and we need the public's help. Find out how you can make your own test pages to be included in our research at _LINKS_. Contact: Seth Schoen Staff Technologist Electronic Frontier Foundation _EMAIL_ <N> Warning (Added 2015) Some of the documents that we previously received through FOIA suggested that all major manufacturers of color laser printers entered a secret agreement with governments to ensure that the output of those printers is forensically traceable. Although we still don't know if this is correct, or how subsequent generations of forensic tracking technologies might work, it is probably safest to assume that all modern color laser printers do include some form of tracking information that associates documents with the printer's serial number. (If any manufacturer wishes to go on record with a statement to the contrary, we'll be happy to publish that here.) (Added 2017) REMINDER: IT APPEARS LIKELY THAT ALL RECENT COMMERCIAL COLOR LASER PRINTERS PRINT SOME KIND OF FORENSIC TRACKING CODES, NOT NECESSARILY USING YELLOW DOTS. THIS IS TRUE WHETHER OR NOT THOSE CODES ARE VISIBLE TO THE EYE AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PRINTER MODELS ARE LISTED HERE. THIS ALSO INCLUDES THE PRINTERS THAT ARE LISTED HERE AS NOT PRODUCING YELLOW DOTS. This list is no longer being updated. Forensic investigations of the source of documents produced with other printing technologies are also possible, but, as far as we know, printers other than color laser and similar technologies do not deliberately encode their serial numbers in their output. Introduction This is a list of color laser printer models that do or do not print yellow tracking dots on their output. We tried to interpret the information conveyed by these dots as part of our Machine Identification Code Technology Project. Limitations of this information A "no" simply means that we couldn't see yellow dots; it does not prove that there is no forensic watermarking present. (For example, the HP Color LaserJET 8500 series does not include any yellow tracking dots that we can see, but it may still include some kind of forensic marking, since the majority of other Color LaserJET models do. Other forensic marking techniques have been invented, and we do not yet know how to determine whether these techniques are used by a particular printer.) A "yes" simply means that we (or another source, as noted) saw yellow dots that appeared anomalous to us. Until we decipher the marking schemes or receive other confirmation, this does not constitute proof that any particular kind of information is represented by these dots. In a very few cases, for example, they might be the result of a dithering technique, rather than a forensic mark, or they could be the result of a poorly calibrated printer. In most cases, we are confident that the arrangement of dots is intentional and is intended to track users. Sources of information We have employed three sources of information. We looked at printer output under a blue light and/or a computer microscope; we consulted press reports about printers (e.g. at Druckerchannel); we relied on printer manuals and other manufacturer statements. We welcome additional statements by manufacturers, resellers, or technicians. Thanks to our friends at software firms and symphonies, public schools and physics labs, semiconductor fabs and ice cream parlors, in about a dozen countries around the world. Table of printers <N> In a recent review of the HP Color LaserJET CM3530 printer, the magazine Government Computer News called out the use of tracking codes -- which GCN referred to as "a secret spy program" -- as the biggest problem with that printer. GCN found that the yellow dots produced by this printer particularly degraded print quality and noted that some people would question the "logic or appropriateness" of having printers produce the dots at all; it concluded that even people who didn't object to the tracking codes in principle would regret the poor print quality they produced in this case. The review also credited EFF for discovering and exposing this issue. (In fact, we first learned about it through other journalists' reports and discussions by privacy activists like Lauren Weinstein -- but we were the first to publish how some of the tracking systems work, and we've worked to bring this issue to the public's attention and figure out how the government persuaded printer companies to cooperate.) MIT researcher Benjamin Mako Hill, who's collaborated with us to produce the Seeing Yellow campaign, described product behaviors like the printer tracking dots as "antifeatures" in a 2007 article. Hill says "[a]n antifeature [...] is functionality that a technology developer [would] charge users to not include [where i]t is more difficult for [manufacturers] to limit [a product] than it is to leave them unconstrained, and the limit is not something that any user would request". He also notes that "[s]ometimes, as in the case with many DRM systems, users cannot pay to turn their antifeatures off at all!" That's true here as well: printer manufacturers haven't reacted to users' requests to disable tracking functions. Sometimes a particular antifeature is ubiquitous within an industry. Documents we've begun to receive in response to our FOIA requests suggest that the government may have convinced all printer manufacturers to put some kind of tracking mechanism in every color laser printer. Major music labels used to insist on DRM for virtually all music sold on-line (though not for precisely the same music sold on CD). When an antifeature is extremely widespread, it can start to appear normal, and it can even be surprising when product reviewers characterize it as a problem. If everybody in an industry is doing something, it may seem at best redundant to complain about specific instances of the problem. But comprehensive product reviews and consumer advocacy by journalists are essential parts of the competitive process. Accepting antifeatures as normal merely because they are widespread guarantees that they will remain widespread, and when product reviewers assume that consumers are powerless to influence industry behavior, they ensure that consumers will remain powerless. Building consumer awareness of product design decisions starts with discussing these decisions in the context of individual products -- as the late technology journalist and consumer advocate Ed Foster often did in criticizing DRM antifeatures in his GripeLog. Surely the willingness of people like Ed Foster to insist that consumers can and should complain about these misfeatures has been an important factor in the music industry's long-awaited move away from them. And they help spread the message that competitors can differentiate themselves in an antifeature-prone industry by doing the right thing for consumers. <N> On June 5 The Intercept published a story about a top-secret NSA document that was provided to us completely anonymously. Shortly after the article was posted, the Justice Department announced the arrest of Reality Leigh Winner, a 25-year-old government contractor in Augusta, Georgia, for transmitting defense information under the Espionage Act. Although we have no knowledge of the identity of the person who provided us with the document, the U.S. government has told news organizations that Winner was that individual. While the FBIs allegations against Winner have been made public through the release of an affidavit and search warrant, which were unsealed at the governments request, it is important to keep in mind that these documents contain unproven assertions and speculation designed to serve the governments agenda and as such warrant skepticism. Winner faces allegations that have not been proven. The same is true of the FBIs claims about how it came to arrest Winner. We take this matter with the utmost seriousness. However, because of the continued investigation, we will make no further comment on it at this time. <N> Several journalists and experts have recently focused on the fact that a scanned document published by The Intercept contained tiny yellow dots produced by a Xerox DocuColor printer. Those dots allow the document's origin and date of printing to be ascertained, which could have played a role in the arrest of Reality Leigh Winner, accused of leaking the document. EFF has previously researched this tracking technology at some length; our work on it has helped bring it to public attention, including in a somewhat hilarious video. One of the experts, Rob Graham, used a tool that we created to decode the dots. Whenever someone's liberty is at stake, we are extra careful in our public statements, but we offer the following thoughts on the situation: <N> CLAIM A photograph shows President Trump and Saudi leaders touching a glowing orb. RATING ORIGIN An image showing President Trump and Saudi leaders touching what appeared to be a glowing orb went viral in May 2017, as social media users shared it alongside messages poking fun at the situation. Some joked that the photograph showed Trump taking part of some type of Illuminati ritual: Look if Trump is going to take down the Illuminati hes obviously going to have to do it from the inside pic.twitter.com/58Rnd2I20P  The Cosmic Brain (@samthielman) May 21, 2017 Others joked that it showed President Trump peering into the palantr, a fictional artifact from The Lord of the Rings: One #orb to find them. One orb to rule them all and in the darkness bind them. pic.twitter.com/tsFYX3pzm1  NopeSec (@NeuralCulture) May 21, 2017 The actual context of this image was lost on many. It shows President Trump, Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz, and Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi at the inauguration of the Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology in Riyadh. Part of the ceremony involved Trump and these Saudi leaders touching a globe in order to activate the center, the Saudi Gazette reported: Trump and the King each placed their hands on a miniature globe that officially activated the center and launched a splashy welcome video. The center counters and prevents the spread of extremist ideology by promoting moderation, compassion and supporting the dissemination of positive dialogue. The Global Center for Combating Extremist Ideology posted a video of Trumps visit to YouTube. The viral moment can be glimpsed starting at the 17:30 mark of the following video: The image showing President Trump and various Saudi Leaders touching a glowing globe is real. To our knowledge, however, this orb was not magical, was not being used to control the eye of Sauron, and was not the centerpiece of an Illuminati ritual. <N> CLAIM A video shows Pope Francis slapping away Donald Trump's hand. RATING ORIGIN A short clip purportedly showing Pope Francis slapping away President Trumps hand during a photo-op at the Vatican was widely shared on social media on 24 May 2017: This video does not show a real interaction between Donald Trump and Pope Francis. One clue that the video is fake is the sleeves of both men. In the wide shot, the Popes sleeve is longer, nearly covering his fingers, and Trumps jacket sleeve completely covers his white shirtsleeve. In the closeup, however, the Popes sleeve is shorter and Trumps shirtsleeve is visible: But setting aside the shirtsleeves, the source of the clip  the late night television show Jimmy Kimmel Live  clearly indicated that it was created in jest. The clip mocks Trumps perceived icy relationship with his wife, Melania, who was taped slapping Trumps hand away earlier in the week. The clip can be glimpsed at the 1:30 mark of the following video: Kimmel wasnt the only one to make a joke video with Pope Francis slapping away Trumps hand. Jimmy Fallon played a similar clip on an episode of The Tonight Show, which can be glimpsed at the 3:15 mark of the following video: This video, of course, is also fake. Although these clips may appear obviously fake when viewed in the context of late night television, many people shared edited versions which featured just the hand slapping moment. The real footage of Trumps meeting with the Pope, however, does not include any such hand slapping: <N> "It's a honor to meet you in our country." on May 26, 2017 at 11:33am Advertisement - story continues below During President Donald Trumps roughly 27 hours in Israel this week, his schedule was so packed that only things of the utmost importance could be included. That included the dream of a 14-year-old girl who has been waging a seven-year fight against cancer. Although Although ignored in most mainstream media accounts of Trumps whirlwind visit, the president and first lady Melania Trump took time to meet with Emilee Imbar , whose dream it was to meet Trump. Advertisement - story continues below  WHY did MSM Blackout Trump in pic.twitter.com/E8ar31ZEIu  WHY did MSM Blackout Trump in #Israel as he visited Emilee Imbar, a 14 y/o girl battling #cancer who always dreamed of meeting him? #maga  Bj  (@SmilePointe)  Bj  (@SmilePointe) May 26, 2017 Imbar is a patient at Rachashed Lev, Israels national support center for pediatric cancer patients. Shimi Geshayed, director of Rachashei Lev, knew of Imbars wish and contacted someone who was sure to get Trumps attention  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. According to the According to the sole account that exists of the meeting, Trump talked with the girl for a while, asking about her health. Advertisement - story continues below Trump also shared with her a bit of what it was like to be president of the United States. Emilee blessed and thanked Trump. She also gave Trump a letter. President Donald Trump made a 14-year old girls dream come true. Emilee Imbar has been battling cancer for the last pic.twitter.com/T9UdHPEfN9 President Donald Trump made a 14-year old girls dream come true. Emilee Imbar has been battling cancer for the last _LINKS_  Mike (@Mike94002447)  Mike (@Mike94002447) May 26, 2017 Dear Mister President: Advertisement - story continues below Welcome to Israel. Its a honor to meet you in our country. I will be glad to sit with you for a business meeting and I hope one day I will visit you in the White House. I am thankful for meeting you Mister Trump. Enjoy your stay. Trust you. Before Trump left, he wished the girl a fast recovery. Despite the vast press entourage that followed Trump, the visit was never noted in the mainstream media, a contrast one commentator seized upon. <N> President Trump and First Lady Melania have been tirelessly traveling for almost an entire week and are nearing the end of their first overseas presidential trip. The couple just landed in Belgium and the president will soon be attending the G7 Summit back in Italy on Friday and Saturday. However, with as busy as hes been for days, he recently dropped everything and quietly slipped out of sight for a few hours and now we know the unbelievable reason why. Theres been no shortage of media coverage as the Trumps travel the globe this week. Liberal news outlets wait with baited breath for the first sign of slip up on the presidents first overseas trip and will find anything to judge him for. Despite having cameras following the couple practically around the clock, theres one outing in Israel that media conveniently missed and its clear as to why they chose not to cover it. Practically every second of the presidents 27-hours in Israel was packed and planned out, but he still made time to fulfill a wish of a 14-year-old who heard he was coming to her country. As eager as she was to see him, Trump was reportedly eager to meet this special little girl. The Yeshiva World reports: During his recent visit to Israel, President Donald Trump made a 14-year old girls dream come true. Emilee Imbar has been battling cancer for the last seven years, and has dreamed of meeting with the U.S. President. Rachashei Lev is Israels national support center for pediatric cancer patients, and among their hundreds of invaluable services, they have helped thousands of pediatric cancer patients to achieve their dreams. Emilees dream was to meet the President of the United States and she got that wish fulfilled by our incredibly personable leader. Trump truly loves kids as much as the First Lady, who seems to have had a compassionate effect on him. Perhaps not surprising, was that the entire media ignored this incredible story and act of love from our president since its counter to their narrative. You can bet that if Barack Obama had done something as thoughtful as this, there would have been a media entourage in tow. On the contrary, liberals accused Melania of only being interested in the photo op at her frequent and lengthy hospital visits, which is far from the truth with the genuine love and concern for kids this couple continually exudes. President Trump chatted with Emilee, asking about her health and wellbeing, and relating to her a little bit about the immense responsibilities of being a President of the United States, The Yeshiva World reported. Emilee blessed and thanked President Trump, and presented him with a letter she wrote expressing her desire to meet him again  this time in the White House, where she hoped to do business with him, and maybe even to bring peace to the world. President Trump was visibly moved by Emilee and wished her good health and a speedy recovery. It was a momentous day for all. The local news outlet was the sole source of the story originally. However, if the mainstream media can find a way to spin this story into something grossly negative, you can rest assured that every outlet will be running it in no time. Its disgusting that the Obamas got perpetually coverage of their fake warm and fuzzy things they posed for, but when any member of the Trump family does something actually genuine and on their won accord, its ignored or twisted into something disgusting that it is not. The left wants the world to believe that Trump is a heartless, horrible man who is out to dupe us all, take rights away, and kill people he doesnt like. Ironically, facts prove these things to be true about some of our liberal leaders. Meanwhile, if this first overseas trip has shown us anything, its how loved the President and First Lady are around the world. They arent swayed by the leftist media in America that slanders our leader for the sole cause of paving the way to an impeachment. People in other countries simply judge him by his actions and not what people say, since thats what speaks louder than negative, spiteful words. Like and Share if you LOVE what Trump did for this sweet little girl! <N> Story highlights First lady Melania Trump visited a children's hospital on Wednesday A child she met got some good news after the visit (CNN) A young boy awaiting a heart transplant received good news following a visit with first lady Melania Trump on Wednesday. "Upon landing in Belgium, I learned a young boy and his family who had been waiting for a heart transplant was informed that the hospital has found a donor," the first lady said in a statement. "I read a book and held hands with this special little one just a few hours ago, and now my own heart is filled with joy over this news." A little boy who I visited today & had been waiting for a heart transplant will be receiving one! #Blessings #Faith pic.twitter.com/DZU3ojxXVC  Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 24, 2017 She later tweeted: "A little boy who I visited today & had been waiting for a heart transplant will be receiving one! #Blessings #Faith." Trump visited the Bambino Gesu children's hospital in Rome following an audience with Pope Francis. "The hospital was struck by the timing of it all," East Wing communications director Stephanie Grisham told CNN. Read More <N> By Heba Kanso BEIRUT, May 5  A move by Saudi Arabia to give women more control over their life choices by further relaxing a controversial male guardian system was tentatively welcomed on Friday as another small step for women in the conservative kingdom. Saudi Arabia is well known as one of the worlds most gender-segregated nations, where women live under the supervision of a male guardian, cannot drive, and in public must wear head-to-toe black garments. Women need approval from a man to travel, study and get some health treatments. However local media outlets reported this week that the king of Saudi Arabia has issued an order allowing women to benefit from government services such as education and healthcare without getting the consent of a male guardian. This means women could, in some circumstances, study and access hospital treatment, work in the public and private sector and represent themselves in court without consent of a male guardian, said Maha Akeel, a womens rights campaigner and a director at Jeddah-based Organization of Islamic Cooperation. Now at least it opens the door for discussion on the guardian system, Akeel told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Women are independent and can take care of themselves. This comes as the latest in a series of moves in Saudi Arabia to include women more in the workforce as the kingdom moves to diversify its economy and cut reliance on oil. The trend started in 2011 when the late King Abdullah allowed women onto the government advisory Shura Council. Women can now vote in municipal elections, work in some retail and hospitality jobs and were allowed to compete in the Olympics for the first time in 2012. However Saudi Arabia was still ranked 141 of 144 countries in the 2016 Global Gender Gap, a World Economic Forum study on how women fare in economic and political participation, healthand education. The system of make guardianship, which requires women to obtain permission from a guardian  father, husband, or son  to travel, study or marry is an impediment to realising womens rights, say rights groups. Male guardianship is un-Islamic and humiliating for women, said Akeel. Some (men) take advantage of this male guardianship for their own benefit and abuse it. Social Streams Comments comments <N> Saudi Arabia's Shura Council, which advises the cabinet, has turned down a proposal to study the issue of women's driving, a Shura member told AFP on Wednesday. The kingdom has some of the world's tightest restrictions on women, and is the only country where they are not allowed to drive. At a meeting this week, a male member of the appointed council suggested the study, said another member who declined to be named. He said the enquiry would have looked at: "What are the difficulties if they start? What is required to allow them to drive?" But the proposal failed to get the required 50 percent plus one support among the council's 150 members, who include 30 women. The council can make non-binding recommendations to the government but it has no legislative powers. 1 A Saudi woman drives an ATV (all-terrain vehicle) at Thumamah Park near Riyadh (photo by: Fayez Nureldine/AFP) Activists say women's driving is not technically illegal but that the ban is linked to tradition and custom. A slow expansion of women's rights began under the late king Abdullah, who named them to the Shura Council in 2013. He also announced that women could for the first time vote and run in municipal elections. At least 20 women were elected for the 2,106 contested council seats last December. Some activists have challenged the driving ban by getting behind the wheel and posting images of themselves online. Other Saudi women, however, believe change cannot be forced -- a message the kingdom's powerful Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, 31, gave in April when he unveiled the Vision 2030 plan for economic diversification and social change. "So far the society is not persuaded -- and it has negative influence -- but we stress that it is up to the Saudi society," he said, commenting on whether women should drive. The Vision and its associated National Transformation Programme target an increase in the proportion of female workforce participation from 23 to 28 percent by 2020. <N> Washington  Saudi Arabia is easing restrictions on women driving, finally allowing almost half its population to get behind the wheel. A royal decree has been issued that will allow women in the country to drive, the Saudi Foreign ministry said Tuesday on its official Twitter account. A committee has been formed to implement the ruling and it will present recommendations within 30 days. Then the government will have until June 24, 2018, to implement the new decree. "This is a historic big day in our kingdom," Prince Khaled bin Salman, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the US, said Tuesday in a briefing with reporters. State Department spokesman Heather Nauert said the US "would certainly welcome that" news, while UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres wrote on his official Twitter it was "an important step in the right direction." I welcome Saudi Arabia's decision to lift the ban on women drivers. An important step in the right direction. Manal al-Sharif, one of the women behind the Women2Drive campaign , celebrated the victory by posting a photo on Twitter of herself behind the wheel of a car. Sharif, who now lives in Australia, was jailed in Saudi Arabia 2011 after posting a video on YouTube of herself, wearing a black headscarf and sunglasses, driving a car. The act provoked death threats and spurred her to start the campaign. In another tweet the campaigner commented, "Saudi Arabia will never be the same again. The rain begins with a single drop." Liesl Gerntholtz, executive director of the Women's Rights Division at Human Rights Watch, told CNN while it was a "very important step" there was still a long way to go for Saudi women. "This prohibition on driving is just one in a vast series of laws and policies which prevent women from doing many things," she said. "The guardianship rule stops women from making every decision in her life without the assistance of a male relative, even if that relative is her 7-year-old son." The move to ease restrictions on women has huge implications for the Saudi economy and women's ability to work. It is just the latest in a series of changes that have been rippling through Saudi Arabia since the rise of 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The crown prince, known casually as "MBS," is spearheading an ambitious plan to reform and transform the Saudi economy by 2030 and, in line with that goal, increase the number of women in the workforce. 'A huge step' Ambassador bin Salman described the step as "part of Vision 2030, which is a huge step toward a brighter future." That plan for the country's economic reinvention rests on a number of pillars, including youth empowerment, social organization and women's empowerment, "which is an extremely important element of the changes happening in Saudi Arabia," the ambassador said. "We are trying to increase women's participation in the workforce," bin Salman said. "In order to change women's participation in the workforce we need them to be able to drive to work," said bin Salman, who is a son of the current king and a brother of the crown prince. "We need them to move forward, we need them to improve our economy." Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman viists the White House, March 14, 2017. The crown prince, who was appointed by his father to the position in June, is seen as a major power in the country and is expected by many to be named king before too long. Marwa Abdelghani, media fellow at the Muslim Public Affairs Council, told CNN the new laws wouldn't take effect for another year. "Saudi Arabian women are going to continue fighting and are going to continue running these campaigns to try to overturn these laws," she said. "At the end of the day these laws are showing how Saudi Arabia has been resisting overturning or relinquishing power to over 50 percent of the population." Asked by CNN why the announcement was made now, ambassador bin Salman said, "there is no wrong time to do the right thing." He added that "it's not religious nor a cultural issue" and said women "used to use transportation means during my grandfather's era." He said that women will not have to get permission from their male guardians to take driving lessons. "Legally there's nothing that can prevent it," the ambassador said, but he acknowledged that "there might be social issues." He said that the choice will be up to women. "It's not 'women must drive,' it's 'women can drive.' " The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia follows a strict form of Wahhabi Islam that bans the mixing of sexes at public events and places numerous curbs on women. These restrictions are enforced by religious police whose powers the crown prince has successfully lobbied to curtail since coming to power. His success on that front is evident in the way Saudi Arabia, which is celebrating the 87th anniversary of its creation this month, has recently been easing some restrictions on women. Women were allowed to enter a sports stadium for the first time on September 23, for a special pageant. In May, King Salman decreed that government agencies should list services women can seek without permission from their husbands, fathers or other male guardian. He also ordered organizations to provide transportation for female employees -- a step that eased one hurdle to women's employment given that public transportation is virtually non-existent. Before May, women weren't able to access government services without getting permission from a male guardian or having him present. There have also been some easing of restrictions on women's ability to work in the fields of law and education. In 2015, women were elected to municipal councils for the first time. Members of the Saudi royal family have been signaling an easing on women's ability to drive for months now. In May, Prince Faisal Bin Abdullah, a former education minister, told a privately owned TV channel that he had "no doubt" women would one day be able to drive in his country. "Let me tell you about our leadership's view on women," he said. "Never mind driving a car, which is coming, no doubt ... I want her to drive society." Another prominent prince, Alwaleed bin Talal, wrote a December blog post that pushed for authorities to allow women to drive , saying that the ban curtailed their rights and hurt the economy because it made it harder for women to work. In 2013, a campaign to defy the government ban on women driving saw dozens get behind the wheel and post photos of themselves driving on social media. They were quickly cut short by authorities and several spoke to CNN about their fear of retaliation in the aftermath. Ambassador bin Salman said the decree is part of a historical arc. "We have a young and dynamic society that is young and more open." He added that the decision is "part of a process that's happening since 1932" when the country was founded. <N>   Saudi Arabias King Salman issued an April 17, 2017 order to all government agencies that women should not be denied access to government services because they do not have a male guardians consent unless existing regulations require it, Human Rights Watch said today. Government agencies will have to provide a list within three months of procedures that require male guardian approval. The order, if adequately enforced, could end arbitrary guardian consent requirements imposed on women by government officials. But it appears to keep in place regulations that explicitly require guardian approval, such as for women to travel abroad, obtain a passport, or get married. It also does not address areas where private individuals and entities ask women for guardian permission such as before they are employed or undergo medical procedures, Human Rights Watch said. Saudi Arabia has a tremendous opportunity to root out all vestiges of the guardianship system, and should use the three-month review period King Salman ordered to immediately declare all guardian consent requirements null and void, said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch. The king should also require state agencies to actively prevent discrimination by private individuals and businesses. A July 2016 Human Rights Watch report documented the impact of the guardianship system on Saudi women. Under the system, every woman must have a male guardian  a father, brother, husband, or even a son  who has the authority to make a range of critical decisions on her behalf. Women are required to receive guardian approval to apply for a passport, travel outside the country, study abroad on a government scholarship, get married, or exit prison. They regularly face difficulty conducting a range of transactions  from renting an apartment to filing legal claims  without a male relatives consent or presence. Women also face challenges making decisions for their children on an equal basis with men. Women in Saudi Arabia face formal and informal barriers when attempting to make decisions or take action without the presence or consent of a male relative. The two-page order, which Human Rights Watch reviewed, forbids government agencies from requiring a male guardians consent for women seeking services unless there is a regulatory obligation for this request. The orders requirement for government agencies to compile a list of all procedures requiring male guardian approval, opens the door to reviewing, amending or cancelling these requirements. Saudi Arabia should use the three-month period to abolish all remaining vestiges of the guardianship system and ensure that women are treated equally in both law and practice, Human Rights Watch said. The order also says that government agencies should work to provide transportation for women seeking services. Women are barred from driving in Saudi Arabia. The directive also orders support for the governments Human Rights Commission to provide programs to introduce international conventions that the kingdom has joined and to develop a comprehensive plan for raising awareness on womens rights. And it calls for education around Saudi Arabias reservations regarding international conventions for womens rights. Dozens of Saudi women have told Human Rights Watch that the male guardianship system is the most significant impediment to realizing womens rights in the country, effectively leaving adult women legal minors who cannot make key decisions for themselves. For almost a year, Saudi women have campaigned to abolish the male guardianship system. They created hashtags that trended for months, wrote articles critiquing various aspects of the guardianship system, posted personal video testimony about how guardianship affects their lives, and created and distributed art about the subject. In September 2016, Saudi women organized and delivered a petition with more than 14,000 signatures calling on the King to abolish the guardianship system. Saudi Arabia law clearly and directly enforces guardianship requirements in certain areas. In other areas, there appear to be no written legal provisions or official decrees explicitly mandating a guardians consent or presence, but public officials and private businesses have historically demanded such permission without fear of sanction. The Kings April 17 order appears to address only this second, more informal, manifestation of the guardianship system. For instance, health regulations do not require guardian consent for medical procedures in either public or private hospitals. But some hospitals internal regulations require such consent. The government also does not require guardian permission for women to work, but does not penalize employers who require this permission. Saudi authorities should issue clear and explicit directives to the Ministries of Health, Education, Interior, Justice, and Labor and Social Development prohibiting staff from requesting a guardians presence or permission to allow a woman access to any government service. The need for substantial, systemic reform is starkest with regard to the states response to violence against women, Human Rights Watch said. The guardianship system allows men to control many aspects of womens lives and makes it difficult for survivors of family violence to get protection or redress. Women who have escaped abuse in shelters may, and in prisons do, require a male relative to agree to their release before they may exit state facilities. International media have highlighted recent cases of women who have tried to escape this repressive system. Dina Ali Lasloom, a 24-year-old Saudi woman, was returned to Saudi Arabia against her will in April while in transit in the Philippines. She was reportedly seeking asylum in Australia, and is now in a detention center facing indefinite detention or possible forced return to the family she fled. Mariam al-Oteibi, 29, fled abusive family members in al-Qassim Province for Riyadh, only to be captured by authorities and jailed. Expand A photo of Dina Ali Laslooms boarding pass from Kuwait to the Philippines. Twitter. When Saudi Arabia acceded to the UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW) in 2000, it entered a general reservation stating that: In case of contradiction between any term of the Convention and the norms of Islamic law, the kingdom is not under obligation to observe the contradictory terms of the Convention. Womens rights activists in Saudi Arabia have repeatedly called on the government to abolish the male guardianship system. In 2009, and again in 2013, Saudi Arabia agreed during its universal periodic review of its human rights policies at the UN Human Rights Council that it would abolish the system. Since making these promises, Saudi Arabia has taken minor steps to lessen guardians control over women, including no longer requiring permission for women to work and passing a law criminalizing domestic abuse. In 2013, then-King Abdullah appointed 30 women to the Shura Council, his highest advisory body, and, in 2015, women voted and ran as candidates in municipal council elections for the first time. However, Human Rights Watch found that such reforms were hindered or even nullified because the male guardianship system remains largely intact. We have seen Saudi Arabias baby steps on womens rights reform obstructed or nullified as a result of the male guardianship system, Whitson said. King Salmans order will also have a limited impact unless the authorities finally act boldly and end this discriminatory system once and for all. <N> BEIRUT (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A move by Saudi Arabia to give women more control over their life choices by further relaxing a controversial male guardian system was tentatively welcomed on Friday as another small step for women in the conservative kingdom. Saudi Arabia is well known as one of the worlds most gender-segregated nations, where women live under the supervision of a male guardian, cannot drive, and in public must wear head-to-toe black garments. Women need approval from a man to travel, study and get some health treatments. However local media outlets reported this week that the king of Saudi Arabia has issued an order allowing women to benefit from government services such as education and healthcare without getting the consent of a male guardian. This means women could, in some circumstances, study and access hospital treatment, work in the public and private sector and represent themselves in court without consent of a male guardian, said Maha Akeel, a womens rights campaigner and a director at Jeddah-based Organization of Islamic Cooperation. Now at least it opens the door for discussion on the guardian system, Akeel told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. Women are independent and can take care of themselves. This comes as the latest in a series of moves in Saudi Arabia to include women more in the workforce as the kingdom moves to diversify its economy and cut reliance on oil. The trend started in 2011 when the late King Abdullah allowed women onto the government advisory Shura Council. Women can now vote in municipal elections, work in some retail and hospitality jobs and were allowed to compete in the Olympics for the first time in 2012. However Saudi Arabia was still ranked 141 of 144 countries in the 2016 Global Gender Gap, a World Economic Forum study on how women fare in economic and political participation, health and education. The system of make guardianship, which requires women to obtain permission from a guardian - father, husband, or son - to travel, study or marry is an impediment to realizing womens rights, say rights groups. Male guardianship is un-Islamic and humiliating for women, said Akeel. Some (men) take advantage of this male guardianship for their own benefit and abuse it. <N> Talent and technology together will determine how the Fourth Industrial Revolution can be harnessed to deliver sustainable economic growth and innumerable benefits to society. Yet if half of the worlds talent is not integratedas both beneficiary and shaperinto the transformations underway, we will compromise innovation and risk a rise in inequality. This urgency is at the core of a fresh call to action to accelerate progress towards gender equality, adding to the well-established economic case for gender equality. Moreover, there is a fundamental moral case for empowering women: women represent one half of the global population and it is self-evident that they must have equal access to health, education, earning power and political representation. Through the Global Gender Gap Report, the World Economic Forum quantifies the magnitude of gender-based disparities and tracks their progress over time. While no single measure can capture the complete situation, the Global Gender Gap Index presented in this Report seeks to measure one important aspect of gender equalitythe relative gaps between women and men across four key areas: health, education, economy and politics. The Index was developed in part to address the need for a consistent and comprehensive measure for gender equality that can track a countrys progress over time. More than a decade of data has revealed that progress is still too slow for realizing the full potential of one half of humanity within our lifetimes. The Index does not seek to set priorities for countries but rather to provide a comprehensive set of data and a clear method for tracking gaps on critical indicators so that countries may set priorities within their own economic, political and cultural contexts. It points to potential role models by revealing those countries thatwithin their region or income groupare leaders in distributing resources more equitably between women and men, regardless of the overall level of available resources. On average, the 144 countries covered in the Report have closed 96% of the gap in health outcomes between women and men, unchanged since last year, and more than 95% of the gap in educational attainment, an improvement of almost one full percentage point since last year and the highest value ever measured by the Index. However, the gaps between women and men on economic participation and political empowerment remain wide: only 59% of the economic participation gap has been closeda continued reversal on several years of progress and the lowest value measured by the Index since 2008and about 23% of the political gap, continuing a trend of slow but steady improvement. Weighted by population, in 2016, the average progress on closing the global gender gap stands at a score of 0.683meaning an average gap of 31.7% remains to be closed worldwide across the four Index dimensions in order to achieve universal gender parity. Out of the 142 countries covered by the Index both this year and last year, 68 countries have increased their overall gender gap score compared to last year, while 74 have seen it decrease. It therefore has been an ambiguous year for global gender parity, with uneven progress at best. All things held equal, with current trends, the overall global gender gap can be closed in 83 years across the 107 countries covered since the inception of the Reportjust within the statistical lifetime of baby girls born today. However, the most challenging gender gaps remain in the economic sphere and in health. At the current rate of change, and given the widening economic gender gap since last year, it will not be closed for another 170 years. The economic gender gap this year has reverted back to where it stood in 2008, after a peak in 2013. On the other hand, on current trends, the educationspecific gender gap could be reduced to parity within the next 10 years. The currently widest gender gap, in the political dimension, is also the one exhibiting the most progress, narrowing by 9% since 2006. On current trends, it could be closed within 82 years. The time to close the health gender gap remains undefined. Formally the smallest gap, it has oscillated in size with a general downward trend. Today, the gap is larger than it stood in 2006, in part due to specific issues in select countries, in particular China and India. Some regions should expect to see their gender gaps narrow faster than the global rate of change. Among these are South Asia, with a projected closing of the gender gap in 46 years, Western Europe in 61 years, Latin America in 72 years and Sub-Saharan Africa, due to achieve parity in 79 years. Projections for other world regions suggest closing their gaps will take longer than 100 years, namely 129 years in the Middle East and North Africa, 146 years in East Asia and the Pacific, and 149 years in Eastern Europe and Central Asia. Given the slow progress over the last decade, the gender gap in North America is expected to close in 158 years. None of these forecasts are foregone conclusions. Instead they reflect the current state of progress and serve as a call to action to policymakers and other stakeholders to accelerate gender equality. >> read more <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. President Donald Trump placed a note in the Western Wall in Jerusalem on Monday, becoming the first sitting U.S. president to visit one of Judaism's holiest sites. Trump later called it a "great honor" to visit the wall, saying, "I can see a much deeper path, friendship with Israel." The historic visit is part of Trumps efforts to highlight the need for unity among three of the worlds great religions on his first foreign trip, senior administration officials said. Trumps stop at the Western Wall came between Sundays trip to Saudi Arabia, where he called on Muslim leaders to drive out the terrorists and extremists from their lands and his forthcoming visit with Pope Francis at the Vatican. PHOTOS: President Trump Tours Holy Sites in Jerusalem At the Western Wall, Trump, wearing a black yarmulke, stood alone with his hand on the wall for several moments before tucking a note deep between the cracks. Many visitors to the Western Wall leave prayer notes in the wall's crevices. Those notes are collected periodically and buried at the nearby Mount of Olives cemetery. When Barack Obama visited the wall as a candidate for president and placed a note, it was later taken by a seminary student and sold to an Israeli newspaper, which published a photograph of it. First lady Melania Trump, daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner joined Trump for the visit to both the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and the Western Wall. Melania Trump also tucked a note into the wall. On Tuesday, Trump visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust museum and memorial, where he left a note. The message written by President Donald Trump at the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial Museum guest book and signed by him and his wife Melania after their visit on May 23, 2017, in Jerusalem. Debbie Hill / Pool via AFP - Getty Images The Western Wall is not officially recognized as Israeli territory, and the Trump administration has not been clear about whether they believe it is part of Israel. George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Obama each visited the Western Wall as private citizens or candidates. None of them was accompanied by an Israeli prime minister, and current Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not join Trump for his visit. The two leaders and their wives will have dinner at the Prime Minister's residence Monday evening. Trumps visit was complicated by reports that U.S. representatives had told Israeli officials that Netanyahu should not join Trump because the wall isn't your territory. "This is in the West Bank. It is a private visit by the president, and it's not your business," a U.S. representative said last week, according to Israel's Channel Two News. A White House spokesperson later clarified that the comments do not reflect the U.S. position, and certainly not the president's position." U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley told the Christian Broadcasting Network last week, "Obviously, I believe that the capital should be in Jerusalem and the (American) embassy should be moved to Jerusalem" from Tel Aviv and she added that the Western Wall was located in Israel  something which top Trump aides had declined to say. Asked if he agreed with Haley on the wall on Air Force One en route to Israel on Monday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told reporters only that "the wall is part of Jerusalem." <N> Jerusalem  President Donald Trump on Monday became the first sitting US president to visit the Western Wall, one of the holiest sites in Judaism. Trump, wearing a yarmulke, placed his right hand on the wall and swayed slightly back and forth with his eyes closed for nearly a minute. He then reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a noted on a folded piece of paper, and placed it into a crack in the wall. He was flanked by his son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, who is Jewish, and Western Wall Rabbi Shmuel Rabinovich. First lady Melania Trump and Ivanka Trump, the President's daughter, also prayed at the wall, at the portion reserved for women. Trump visited the Western Wall without any Israeli government officials by his side despite requests from Israeli officials. Read More <N> Barack Obama ended his trip to Israel this morning with a surprise visit to Jerusalem's Western Wall, before heading to Berlin. Wearing a yarmulke, the Democratic candidate placed a prayer in the wall. But his bid to shore up the Jewish vote was tarnished by a heckle from an orthodox Jew. The worshipper shouted "Jerusalem is not for sale" and "Jerusalem is our land," according to Reuters. Yesterday Obama pledged his "unshakeable commitment to Israel's security," after a day of meetings with the country's most senior leaders and a helicopter flight into a town that has borne the brunt of rockets attacks from Gaza. Most of the talks on his visit were dominated by Israeli concerns about the threat posed by Iran's nuclear ambitions, although the Democratic presidential candidate spoke also of his hope for a Middle East peace agreement that would see the creation of a "viable and peaceful Palestinian state" alongside a secure Israel. Obama travelled in a heavily guarded convoy into Ramallah, in the occupied West Bank, where he met the Palestinian president, Mahmoud Abbas, and his prime minister, Salam Fayyad. Although the meeting in the Palestinian territories lasted just one hour of his 36-hour visit to Israel, it was still more than managed by his challenger for the White House, John McCain, who spoke to Abbas only by telephone on his visit to Israel in March. Senator Obama was flown by helicopter with Tzipi Livni, the Israeli foreign minister, and Ehud Barak, the defence minister, to the southern town of Sderot, where he was given a tour that included visiting a house damaged by rocket fire and met an Israeli boy who lost a leg in another missile attack. There was never a suggestion that the senator would cross into Gaza, which is ruled by the Islamist group Hamas. Obama spoke in the courtyard of the Sderot police station, with shelves of exploded Palestinian rockets as a backdrop. He said such "terror is intolerable". The Gaza rocket attacks have largely stopped since Egypt brokered the fragile ceasefire last month. In the first five months of the year 14 Israelis and 362 Palestinians were killed in the conflict in and around Gaza, according to the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem. Obama said he would work for a peace deal. "Israelis desire a secure peace in which both they and the Palestinians can fulfil their legitimate aspirations: a strong secure state of Israel living alongside a viable and peaceful Palestinian state. We must support Palestinian leaders who share this vision," he said, adding that he would begin work on negotiations as soon as he was elected. On the subject of Iran, he tried to reassure Israelis. "I will take no options off the table in dealing with this potential Iranian threat," he said. "A nuclear Iran would be a game-changing situation not just in the Middle East but around the world." Obama knew his words would be closely scrutinised. He worried Palestinians last month when he said Jerusalem should not be divided and later rowed back on those comments. Obama yesterday said the future of the city was a "final status issue", but he added: "I continue to say that Jerusalem will be the capital of Israel. I also have said it is important that we don't simply slice the city in half." Some Palestinians are genuinely hopeful that an Obama presidency might improve the chances of a peace deal. "We have no problem with him supporting Israel, the question is how," said Ghassan Khatib, a Palestinian analyst and former planning minister. "We are not expecting him to become pro-Palestinian or not to be pro-Israel but he could be more useful to Israel if he convinced Israel to stop expanding settlements, if his administration became more supportive of the negotiations, if he could relax regional tension." A McCain presidency would be "problematic", he said. Many Israelis appear to favour John McCain as a more likely ally. Gerald Steinberg, head of political science at Israel's Bar-Ilan University, said it was too early to judge Obama until he began choosing his staff: "He is not someone who people can easily box into a liberal or neo-con approach to the Israeli-Arab issue." Steinberg said he had concerns about some advisers who were, in his view, as "part of the Israel-bashing gang". Obama was due to meet the Israeli prime minister, Ehud Olmert, for dinner last night before making a late visit to the Western Wall, the Jewish holy site inside the Old City in East Jerusalem. <N> In 1998, George W. Bush took his first and only trip to the Holy Land. During a helicopter tourguided by none other than Ariel SharonBush was astonished to discover how tiny Israel is compared to its Arab neighbors. He later described the visit as one of the most meaningful experiences of his life. A photographer captured a striking image of Bush, in a yarmulke, standing reverently at the Wailing Wall. The picture may be a symbol of Bush foreign policy these days, but it speaks to an even more startling truth: Bush is the first in his family of politicians to craft a pro-Jewish image. Starting with accusations that Prescott Bush was a Nazi collaborator before Pearl Harbor, the Bush dynasty has generally been viewed with suspicion and at times outright hostility by Jewish Americans. The elder President Bush outraged the Jewish community with a series of perceived insults. Before he became president, the younger Bush, who once expressed doubt about whether non-Christians could get into heaven, seemed likely to follow in the family tradition. Advertisement The charges against Sen. Prescott Bush, the grandfather of the current president, went beyond the disdain for Jews and discriminatory practices that were characteristic of New England WASP culture in his day. Prescott Bush was a director of a New York bank where rich Germans who supported the Nazis stashed millions in personal wealth. He was still a director at the bank, Union Banking Corp., when its assets were frozen under the Trading With the Enemy Act in 1941a fact that has provided endless fodder for leftists and conspiracy theorists since it came to light in the 1990s. George Herbert Walker Bush shared the same exclusionary pedigree as his father, starting with Yale and the secret society Skull & Bones, and had extensive ties to Arabs through the oil industry as well. But most Jews did not consider him unfriendly to their interests so long as he served under Ronald Reagan. Reagan was the first Republican in 80 years to win a sizable share of the Jewish vote. There were a variety of reasons for this, but the key issue was Reagan's hard line on the defense of Israel, which he considered a crucial democratic outpost in the fight against Soviet communism. In the 1980 election, Jimmy Carter won 45 percent of the Jewish vote. Reagan won 39 percent. That remarkable shift, however, began to be undone almost as soon as George H.W. Bush took over in 1989. Bush was a self-described pragmatist in international affairs, and in the giddy early days after the end of the Cold War, it was no longer fashionable to view the world in binary terms. As a result, many conservative ideological causesamong them Israelno longer found a champion in the White House. The point was made most clearly when Bush demanded, in 1991, that the Israelis stop building new settlements in Palestinian-controlled territories. Unlike previous presidents, Bush sounded serious, threatening to block millions in loan guarantees if Israel disobeyed. (Later, when his re-election was in doubt in 1992, Bush promised to press Congress for the loan guarantees unconditionally.) Just as damaging was the elder Bush's knack for seeming as out of touch with Jewish voters as he did with everyone else. Once, during a 1991 White House press conference, Bush Sr. complained about the strength of the Jewish lobby on Capitol Hillthe implication being that "Jews work insidiously behind the scenes," as David J. Forman wrote in the Jerusalem Post. On another occasion, Bush reminded his critics that the United States gives "Israel the equivalent of $1,000 for every Israeli citizen," a remark that detractors took as an allusion to the stereotype of Jews as money-obsessed and greedy. Advertisement And then there was Secretary of State James Baker's infamous "fuck the Jews" remark. In a private conversation with a colleague about Israel, Baker reportedly uttered the vulgarity, noting that Jews "didn't vote for us anyway." This was more or less trueBush got 27 percent of the Jewish vote, compared with 73 percent for Dukakis, in 1988. And thanks in part to Baker, it was even truer in 1992, when Bill Clinton got 78 percent of the Jewish vote and Bush got only 15 percentthe poorest showing by a Republican candidate since Barry Goldwater in 1964. In 2000, as Al Gore hit the campaign trail with the first Jewish vice presidential running mate in U.S. history on his ticket, George W. Bush seemed to make only a half-hearted attempt to compete for Jewish votes. He paid the obligatory dues, speaking at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and visiting the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles (where, after touring the sobering Holocaust exhibit, he incongruously signed the guest book, "God bless this world!"). But Bush reserved his real pitch for Arab-Americans, whom his strategists viewed as an increasingly powerful voting bloc. Repeated trips to Michigan, a swing state, gave Bush ample opportunity to meet with Arab-American leaders, heavily concentrated around Detroit. Ironically, he made a campaign pledge to examine "secret evidence" cases against foreign suspects, a matter of great concern among Arab-Americans (and one that fell by the wayside after Sept. 11). Like his father, Bush failed during the campaign to win over neoconservative Jewish intellectualsmost notably William Kristol, who openly backed John McCain. The problem wasn't just the assumption that he shared his father's coolness toward Israel. It was also his perceived insensitivity toward Jews, as characterized by the only-Christians-in-heaven remark. Bush later joked about the uproar caused by the exchange. Asked by a reporter what he planned to tell the Israelis as he prepared to embark on his 1998 trip to the Middle East, Bush replied, obviously in jest, "Go to hell." Gore got 79 percent of the Jewish vote. Bush got only 19 percent. But unlike his father, who never managed to repair his relationship with the Jewish community despite several attempts, Bush has only risen in the esteem of many prominent Jews since taking office. The biggest factor is probably the Sept. 11 attacks. After a brief flurry of activity to win Arab support for the war on Afghanistan, Bush began to connect America's struggle against terrorism with Israel's fight against Palestinian suicide bombers. Though he was criticized for sitting on the sidelines as the Palestinian-Israeli conflict worsened, Bush arguably took sides by dropping the standard call for the Israelis to "show restraint." After briefly responding to international pressure to demand an Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank, Bush quickly backed off. Another factor is shrewd political judgment. At pains to avoid repeating political mistakes his father made, Bush has actively courted conservatives within the Republican coalition. That includes Jewish neoconservatives such as Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, who hopes to encourage Bush to avoid another mistake of his father'sfailing to topple Saddam Hussein. It was Wolfowitz who Bush sent to address the big pro-Israel rally that took place at the Capitol on April 15. But the biggest reason Bush has been able to win over Jews may be personal. Despite his own Skull & Bones pedigree, the president is far less WASP-ish in his tastes and manner than past generations of Bushes, making him less suspect in the eyes of some Jewish Americans. Moreover, he is openly religious in a way that conveys deep respect for religious believers of all kinds. He may even be influenced by the view of Gary Bauer and other fundamentalist Christians who believe that the Jews are biblically ordained to live in the Holy Land. And unlike his father's administration, George W. Bush's is prominently filled with members of the tribe. Most notably, the public face of the White House, spokesman Ari Fleischer, is a practicing Jew. <N> Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. President Donald Trump heads to Israel next week where he is poised to make history by becoming the first sitting president to visit the Western Wall  one of the holiest sites in Judaism. Trump will say a prayer at the Western Wall, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said Tuesday, who characterized it as a private visit. No Israeli leaders will join President Trump at the Western Wall. National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster speaks during a press briefing at the White House in Washington, DC on May 16, 2017. Olivier Douliery / AFP - Getty Images McMaster added that Trump, who is also making stops in Saudi Arabia and The Vatican during his first trip abroad as president, is going to the Western Wall mainly in connection with the theme to connect with three of the worlds great religions. The President's intention is to visit these religious sites to highlight the need for unity among three of the world's great religions, he said. Unity in confronting a very grave threat to civilization, and unity in embracing an agenda of tolerance. The Western Wall was part of the Second Jewish Temple that was destroyed by the Romans in 70 C.E. For Muslims, it is home to the Dome of the Rock shrine and Al Aqsa mosque which is believed to be the site where the Prophet Muhammad ascended to heaven. Still, there is a reason why no sitting U.S. president has even visited the site: It was seized from the Jordanians, along with East Jerusalem and the West Bank in 1967, and its not officially recognized as Israeli territory. George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama all visited the Western Wall as private citizens or as candidates  and never accompanied by an Israeli prime minister. Also, East Jerusalem is where the Palestinians want to situate the capital of their independent state. McMaster said that Trump while is in Israel, he will cross over into the West Bank and meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Bethlehem before he heads to Jerusalem to pray at the western wall and visit the nearby Holy Sepulchre church. Even before Trump sets foot in the Holy Land, he appears to have been tripped-up by his advance team. The diplomatic dust-up happened, according to Israels Channel Two News, when U.S. representatives in Jerusalem turned down a request to have Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu tag along with Trump, saying the president was making a private visit to the Western Wall. They also reportedly spurned an offer from the Israelis to help make the arrangements. This isnt your territory, one of the reps reportedly told the Israelis. This is in the West Bank. It is a private visit by the president, and its not your business. Jews pray at the Western Wall in Jerusalem's Old City on Jan. 17, 2017. Chris McGrath / Getty Images file After Netanyahus office complained, the White House quickly disavowed those remarks. They do not reflect the U.S. position, and certainly not the Presidents position, a White House spokesman said. But neither McMaster nor White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer would be pinned down when asked point blank if the Western Wall is part of Israel. "It's clearly in Jerusalem," Spicer said. During the campaign, Trump vowed to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. But as president he has yet to move forward with that  aware that the move could inflame the Arab world and possibly lead to renewed violence. For Morton Klein of the Zionist Organization of America, whose group opposes the creation of a Palestinian state, the controversy is just the latest disappointment from the Trump administration. We have praised his public stances concerning Israel but he seems to be backtracking at this point on things like moving the (U.S.) embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, Klein told NBC News, adding he was also disappointed when Trump invited Abbas to the White House. <N> Soaring glacier peaks scrape the sky to the left. A valley plummets to the right. Front and center is a mound of earth striped with intense turquoise, rust red and golden yellow. The colors flow like a wave so perfectly that you would believe they were painted by the gods. The only way to get to this secret corner of the earth is the Ausangate Trek. From our perch, the Andean winds gust wildly as if to prevent any mortal from staying too long in this unworldly place. Its not an easy path but the views are the rewards for those who are up for the challenge of hiking days over high altitude passes. Its a trail that cuts through a land seeped in legend. Wild, remote, beautiful and surreal. Nature is god here. Take a journey to this place and you will see why. AUSANGATE: THE SACRED MOUNTAIN For the Quechua people of the Andean region of Cusco, Ausangate is an Apu, a sacred mountain. At 6,384 meters (20,944 feet), its the highest in the area, making it the most sacred of all the Apus. As the glaciers and snow of the high peaks slowly melt, they form rivers, sending water to the villages below. Water means life, therefore these mountains are the givers and origins of life. The trails that surround the mountain were used by the Incas as a pilgrimage route. They would take this long journey to ask the Apu questions to problems they were unable to solve and to give offerings in hope the mountain would bring them good fortune. A morning view of Apu Ausangate. HIKING THE APUS TRAIL For us, these trails would provide a route into a world that we never knew existed. Our goal was to go around Ausangate following a path that is over 4,000 meters above sea level. There are many ways to do the Ausangate trek. We chose to do it in 5 days, starting from Chillca and finishing Trapiche. The trek covers an approximate distance of 54 km (34 miles). Each day we would stop off at one of the four lodges called tambos build by Andean Lodges that are tucked into the mountains. These lodges are not simple refuges but luxury accommodations complete with private bathrooms and hot showers. After a long day of hiking, a warm fire place to sit by, a delicious meal and bed are much appreciated. From Cusco, we had done other hikes before like the impressive Choquequirao Route. This time, we took a road into the Cordillera Vilcanota to reach the trail head. After a roadside picnic we set off through a gorge. We came to a glacial valley. A man fished for trout, kids ran home from school holding hands and alpacas grazed. As we walked by, a few vizcachas (chinchillas) darted over the rocks. The houses that make up the town of Chillca dotted the mountain and further ahead was the lodge. Orlando, the guardian who looks after the lodge, greeted us at the entrance with a big smile and pair of alpaca slippers. It was time to rest for the night. After dinner the house keeper, cook and guardian transformed into musicians and entertained us with Huayno style music, popular in the Peruvian Andes. LIVING CULTURE The trail that we followed would not only transport us to incredible landscapes, it would serve as a time machine. Along the way we met Quechua people, believed to be direct descendants of the Incas. These people continue to live as their ancestors had centuries ago, with very few influences from the modern world. The people of this region are one of the few true shepherding communities left in the world. They raise alpacas and llamas, using every part of the animal to enable them to survive in this harsh climate. The wool is used for clothes, hides are used for sandals, the meat is eaten and the feces are fuel and fertilizer. A woman making a dye using the acid from cochinillas, insects that live on cactuses. LOOKING INTO THE HEAVENS The days were spent hiking through the extreme landscapes and soaking in the views but once night fell, the routine was much different. After a hot shower wed change clothes and head outside. On clear nights, the sky would be illuminated by millions of stars. The Willkamayu (Milky Way) stretched across the sky, creating a direct path to Ausangate, believed to be a cosmic connection with the Apus. Machuracay Tambo, the highest luxury lodge in the world (4,800 meters) under the night sky. BLESSED BY THE MOUNTAINS Before we set off to climb Palomani Pass, the highest of the trek at 5,150 meters we gave an offering to Ausangate and asked him to protects on our journey. The process involves collecting sweets and coca leaves. Each person takes four coca leaves and blows on them in the direction of each mountain peak while thinking good thoughts. The leaves are then collected with the other offerings, then set on fire. If they burn well, Ausangate has blessed you. If it doesnt, youre on your own! Once the ceremony was over and Ausangate gave us his blessing, we were off. We climbed up and up to reach the pass of 5,150 meters. While it was high, one of the best aspects of this trek is that the passes are relatively easy as you only gain a few hundred vertical meters unlike other treks we have done in Peru such as the Santa Cruz Trek and the Huayhuash Circuit. View of Santa Catalina, the wife of Ausangate. THE PAINTED MOUNTAINS The climax of the Ausangate trek would come on the fourth day. As we climbed to the top of the pass a mountain appeared in the distance like no other I had seen before. It had intense pastel colors in a layered pattern. Hours later we came closer to the mountain. Our guide told us to climb a steep hill near by for the best view of our lives. When we reached the top, I told Antonio, This is why were here. It was clear this view was the reason we had spent four days hiking through the mountains. The painted mountain was right in front of us, with its ridge of colors continuing on into horizon. AN OUT OF THIS WORLD HIKE The views didnt stop after we passed the painted mountain. Every turn and corner of that day continued to amaze us. DREAM TO REALITY The lodges were built between a joint effort of the communities of Chillca, Osefina and Andean Lodges. The people from these communities have lived for centuries herding llamas and alpacas. Before the government built roads through the Andes, these people made their living by transporting goods in between towns with their llamas. Once the roads were made, their llamas were replaced by trucks. Instead of going to nearby Cusco to look for work, the communities found away to stay in the mountains in the 21st century. They did this with the help of Roger Valencia, the director of Andean Lodges. He plotted a route through the mountains that would give hikers the best views and raised 1 million dollars to build three lodges. The fourth would be funded by the community through a grant by the Peruvian government. This gave the members a financial stake in the project. The Andean Lodges Crew The communities llamas were put to work again, carrying guests luggage from lodge to lodge. This enables hikers to only worry about taking pictures and having a good time. The entire staff at the lodge, aside from the guide are from one of the two communities. The idea was that local populations should be active agents in the companys operations, to share their culture and natural resources with travelers, thus creating employment and improving their quality of life. Andean Lodges gives a portion of the profits back to the communities which is used for education and health projects. WHERE TO STAY IN CUSCO THE GRASSHOPPER HOSTEL  BUDGET The staff at the Grasshopper Hostel are among the best you can find in Peru. Rooms are clean, new and very spacious (no bunk beds here!). The Wi-Fi connection is pretty decent and breakfast includes coffee, tea, bread, cereal and yogurt. A fantastic place for those on a budget. LA CASONA LES PLEIADES  MID RANGE Located in the heart of the San Blas neighbourhood, La Casona Les Pleiades is a charming boutique hotel. Rooms are comfortable and clean, the staff is super friendly and the Wi-Fi is lightning fast. A gourmet breakfast of fresh juice, eggs made to order and toasts is included. ILLA HOTEL  HIGH END The Illa Hotel is the best option for those looking for a high end hotel, centrally located and with high standards. Built around a wonderful old colonial court, the place has been recently renovated and includes a few nice touches like bottled water, heater and free hot drinks. Gear up for hiking, without breaking the bank Get the Latest Deals on Hiking Gear Sent straight to your inbox... GEAR UP FOR HIKING Our Tips Duration of the Trip When To Go Logistics Allow enough days to acclimatize to the altitude before starting this route. You will be hiking over several 5,000+ meter passes and sleeping at over 4,500+ meters each night. Acclimatization is crucial for your enjoyment of this hike. Its possible to hike the trails around Ausangate on your own or with a tour group, however groups do not take the same routes as Andean Lodges does. This means you will miss the painted mountains, which in our opinion was the best part of the trek. There are many different routes that can be done around Ausangate. The route we did was 5 days, 4 nights. This trek is best enjoyed during the dry season, from April to October. Andean Lodges provides transport to and from Cusco. WHAT TO TAKE WITH YOU For the Ausangate Trek with Andean Lodges, you stay in lodges and llamas carry your personal belongings. During the day you only need to take a small day pack. Heres our complete checklist for multi-day hiking trips. WHAT WE LIKED THE MOST + Each day the views got better and better. + Seeing the painted mountains is a truly unique experience. + Experiencing Andean culture and having a knowledgable guide to explain their customs. + We took a route that no other agencies take which gave us a sense of seclusion. + Every night we arrived to a lodge, where we had hot showers, warm meals and comfortable beds. A real luxury after a long day of hiking. WHAT WE DIDNT LIKE THAT MUCH  The weather is very unpredictable, so if its bad you wont see much. FINAL THOUGHTS The Ausangate trek is not only a hiking adventure but a journey through the spirit of the Peruvian Andes. The landscapes found here are unlike anywhere else. Its not hard to see why this route is considered one of the top South America dream destinations. <N> The miracle is not to walk on water. The miracle is to walk on the green earth, dwelling deeply in the present moment and feeling truly alive. - Thich Nhat Hanh One of the most magnificent geologic features in the world is the Ausangate Mountain of the Peruvian Andes. The mountain is striped with colors ranging from turquoise to lavender to maroon and gold. However, this "painted mountain" is notoriously difficult to find and get to, requiring several days of hiking to reach its peak deep within the Andes by way of Cusco. The painted Ausangate mountain is also considered to be holy and believed to be the deity of Cusco by local Peruvians. It is a site of daily worship and offerings by local citizens. Every year thousands of Quechua pilgrims visit the Ausangate Mountain for the Star Snow festival which takes place a week before the Corpus Christi feast. The mountain sits at an elevation of 6,384 meters and is located approximately 100 km southeast of the major city Cusco. The local area is rich in geology, from uplifted granitic cliffs to glaciers which have eroded large valleys and the cretaceous limestone "forest" nearby. The Andes are an incredibly complex mountain chain that extends along the western edge of the South American continent. The subduction of the Nazca plate underneath the South American plate initiated mountain building and uplift of the mountain range. This produced significant volcanism and the introduction of rare and varied mineralogy to the Andes Mountains. The reason we see the rainbow coloration in the stratigraphic layers of the Ausangate mountain is largely due to weathering and mineralogy. Red coloration of sedimentary layers often indicates iron oxide rust as a trace mineral. Similar to how a nail will rust and turn red when oxidized, sediments that are iron rich will change when exposed to oxygen and water. This, in combination with uplift and tectonically driven crustal shortening has tilted the sedimentary layers on their side exposing stripped stratigraphic intervals. The different coloration is due to different environmental conditions and mineralogy when the sediment was originally deposited and subsequently diagenetically altered. Introduction of goethite or oxidized limonite will introduce a brownish coloration to sandstones. The bright yellow coloration could be due to iron sulphide as trace minerals within the pore cement. In addition, chlorite will often color sediments varying shades of green dependent on diagenetic history and concentration. As your eye scans the many layers of the Peruvian Painted Mountain you're seeing millions of years of history and all the complexities that are associated therein. Understanding the environmental and geologic conditions that formed the rock units we see today is one of the key building blocks of geology and allow us to better understand our world long before humans walked this green Earth. <N> Charmaine Yoest, tapped to be to be assistant secretary of public affairs, is a senior fellow at American Values. | AP Photo Trump names anti-abortion leader Yoest to top HHS post President Donald Trump on Friday said he would name one of the most prominent anti-abortion activists in the country to a top communications post at HHS. Charmaine Yoest, tapped to be assistant secretary of public affairs, is a senior fellow at American Values. She is the former president of Americans United for Life, which has been instrumental in advancing anti-abortion legislation at the state level to restrict access to the procedure. Story Continued Below Her appointment was quickly panned by Democratic lawmakers and prominent abortion rights organizations. The assistant secretary of public affairs shapes communications efforts for the entire agency. Ms. Yoest has a long record of seeking to undermine womens access to health care and safe, legal abortion by distorting the facts, and her selection shows yet again that this administration is pandering to extreme conservatives and ignoring the millions of men and women nationwide who support womens constitutionally protected health care rights and dont want to go backward," Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) said in a statement. AULs website  which states that the group offers state lawmakers 32 different pieces of model legislation to restrict access to abortion  characterizes Yoest as public enemy #1 for abortion rights organizations. It is unacceptable that someone with a history of promoting myths and false information about womens health is appointed to a government position whose main responsibility is to provide the public with accurate and factual information," added Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood. Yoests appointment comes at a time when states with Republican governors and GOP-dominated legislatures have enacted a wave of new abortion restrictions, many of which have been blocked in court. States on average added 57 new abortion restrictions annually between 2011 and 2015, a pace that picked up dramatically following the 2010 midterm elections, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a research organization that supports abortion rights. Republicans currently control both chambers of state legislatures in 32 states, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Thirty-three states have GOP governors. Trump has already moved to give anti-abortion groups a win during his first 100 days in office, although Congress has not gained traction fulfilling one of its top priorities: scrapping Planned Parenthood's taxpayer funding. Trump recently signed into law a resolution overturning an Obama-era rule designed to protect Title X family planning grants for Planned Parenthood. HHS during the Obama administration said 13 states since 2011 have taken actions to restrict participation by family planning providers in Title X because they provide abortions. Several red states have also tried to cut Planned Parenthood out of their Medicaid programs  a strategy that picked up two years ago in response to the release of a series of undercover videos by anti-abortion activists concerning Planned Parenthood and fetal tissue donation. Those defunding efforts have been halted in court. Yoest isnt the only Trump administration appointee who has expressed critical views about abortion and other social issues. Katy Talento, a health aide for the White House Domestic Policy Council, has taken the controversial view that contraception poses major dangers to women and causes abortion and miscarriages. Yoest is an HHS political appointee but her appointment does not require Senate confirmation. She succeeds Kevin Griffis, who was recently named vice president of communications for Planned Parenthood. "The fact that Yoest will be replacing Kevin Griffis, who now works for Planned Parenthood, is another indication of the dramatic change weve seen in Washington since the election of President Trump," Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the anti-abortion group Susan B. Anthony List, said in a statement. "This is a new era for the pro-life movement and our fight to protect unborn children and their mothers from the horror of abortion. <N> If you thought that a presidential administration led by a confessed sexual harasser and a guy who calls his wife "Mother" was bound to have some weird issues about women, oh boy were you ever correct. But it's not just wrinkly old men who are bent on rolling back abortion and contraceptive rights. With his latest appointee, the Trump camp has shown that women can hate women, too. On Friday, the White House announced a new round of appointees, among them Charmaine Yoest, who nabbed a job as Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, Public Affairs. The position involves imparting health information and policy to the country at large, which is a problem given that Yoest seems to have a grasp on medical science that's slippery at best. What fresh hell is THIS?! Another woman screwing WOMEN!! And @CharmaineYoest clearly isn't too bright - abortion causes cancer?! #idiot _LINKS_  Juliet Benoit  (@juliet_benoit) April 29, 2017 To start with, there's her troubling belief that abortion raises the odds of breast cancer (Yoest is a breast cancer survivor herself). Americans United for Life, an anti-abortion group where Yoest served as CEO from 2008 to 2016, trumpets this widely debunked view on their site, and in 2012, a New York Times writer interviewing Yoest was baffled that she insisted on such a falsehood: <N> Yoest got into politics early. When she was a teenager, she and her brother went door to door for a Republican candidate for Congress. Yoests mother and father are academics and Protestant evangelicals, and though they opposed abortion as a matter of course, that position didnt define their politics. It didnt define Yoests initially either: after college, she turned down a job with A.U.L. to work in the Reagan White House. There she met Gary Bauer, then chairman of Reagans Special Working Group on the Family, and in the late 1980s moved with him to the conservative Family Research Council, where she worked on promoting adoption and child care. In the early 90s, Yoest married and left the council to have a family and get a Ph.D. in politics from the University of Virginia . She directed a project on work-life balance in academia, writing a dissertation called Empowering Shakespeares Sister, about the effects of paid parental leave on achievement for women. The work-life balance hit home when she got an offer to be senior adviser for Mike Huckabee s presidential campaign in 2008. Yoest didnt think she could go on the road as the job demanded, but her husband, Jack, who now teaches business at Catholic University , said that she should. Eventually they took the children out of school and piled into the family Suburban to spend weeks campaigning. After Huckabee pulled out of the election, Yoest was offered the job running A.U.L. This time, she threw herself into the anti-abortion cause. The Yoests live in a D.C. suburb (she asked me not to name it) where the politics skew liberal but where Yoest says she feels at home. In 2009, when she had six months of chemotherapy to treat breast cancer , the mother of one daughters classmate organized a lunch-making brigade for all the Yoest kids, and every school day, one family or another dropped off the lunches in a cooler by the front door. We called it the magic fridge, Yoest said. When shes at one of her childrens baseball games or crew regattas and a parent asks about her work, she tries to deflect the question. I tend to say, Oh, gosh, its Saturday, its sunny  have you seen any good movies?  she told me. After that, shell say she works at a nonprofit. If pressed further, she sticks to her TV talking points. I explain that we work on moving forward legislation about informed consent, and making sure women get the best standard of medical care  the things most people agree on. So theres a parallel between our public strategy at A.U.L. and my private discussions. None of this, however, means that Charmaine Yoest is a moderate. For all her emphasis on womens health, her end goal isnt to make abortion safer. She wants to make the procedure illegal. She leaves no room for exceptions in the case of rape or incest or to preserve the health of the mother. She believes that embryos have legal rights and opposes birth control , like the IUD, that she thinks has life-ending properties. Nor does Yoest advocate for reducing abortion by increasing access to birth control. When I asked what she thought about a study, published in October, which found a 60 to 80 percent drop in the abortion rate, compared with the national average, among women in St. Louis who received free birth control for three years, she said, I dont want to frustrate you, but Im not going to go there. She referred me to a critique of the studys methodology in National Review. Its really a red herring that the abortion lobby likes to bring up by conflating abortion and birth control, she said when pressed on PBS last year. Because that would be, frankly, carrying water for the other side to allow them to redefine the issue in that way. Photo Yoest doesnt like to speak this bluntly  she was taken aback when I reminded her of the PBS quote. And she is careful to avoid missteps like the Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin s comment in August that victims of legitimate rape dont need access to abortion because they dont become pregnant, or the claim at the end of October by Richard Mourdock , the Indiana Senate candidate, that when women do become pregnant from rape, that is something God intended to happen. In the aftermath of Akins statement, The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported on a 1972 essay by an obstetrician named Fred Mecklenburg, who cited a Nazi experiment in which women were told they were on their way to die in the gas chambers  and then were allowed to live, so that doctors could check whether they would still ovulate. Since few did, Mecklenburg claimed that women exposed to the emotional trauma of rape wouldnt be able to become pregnant, either. (He also argued that rapists are infertile because they masturbate a lot.) The essay was published in a book financed by A.U.L. When I asked Yoest about this, she tried to bat away the connection, stressing that he was also a member of the American Association of Planned Parenthood Physicians. I just think youre going back decades and decades, she told me. When I asked what she thought about Akins reliance on bogus science, she said, Im not going to answer that. Though Yoest agrees with Akin that abortion should be illegal in every circumstance, she said that talking about the minutiae of the rape exception is not where its at at all. It was as if Akin had undone all her careful framing. Its a distraction. Its not relevant to the discussion. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Its hard to remember now, but for a brief moment around the time the Supreme Court decided Roe in 1973, it looked as if legalizing abortion would not be hugely divisive. Between 1967 and 1970, 17 states, including Alaska , Arkansas , Georgia , Kansas , North Carolina , South Carolina and Virginia , lifted some restrictions on the procedure. The vote for Roe on the Supreme Court was 7 to 2, with conservative Republican appointees signing on. In a Gallup poll, 68 percent of Republicans and 59 percent of Democrats said in 1972  the year after A.U.L. was founded  that the decision to abort should be solely between a woman and her doctor. As those polls indicate, opposing abortion wasnt always a moral imperative for the Republican Party . But it would soon become a tactical one. In 1979, two G.O.P. strategists, Richard Viguerie and Paul Weyrich , seized on the issue as a tool for wooing Catholic and evangelical voters to the party. As Linda Greenhouse and Reva B. Siegel write in their book, Before Roe v. Wade, the pair approached the Rev. Jerry Falwell with the idea of organizing a socially conservative Moral Majority, with abortion as the central issue. Vigurie and Weyrich also set up an early anti-abortion political action committee for the 1980 election, which they used to help get like-minded candidates elected. And in fact, around that time Republicans in Congress started voting for abortion restrictions at a higher rate than Democrats  even though Republican voters would remain more likely to be pro-choice than Democrats until the late 1980s. As the issue heated up, anti-abortion groups, including A.U.L., began to put more muscle into fighting for restrictions on the state level  chipping away at Roe one legislature at a time rather than focusing all their efforts in D.C. Early state bills mandated waiting periods and parental consent for minors, restrictions that still poll well today. By this time, however, the movement had attracted its share of zealots, and this faction derided these laws as half-measures and took more direct action  chaining themselves to clinics and, in the most extreme cases, bombing them. In 1989, the anti-abortion movement won a signature battle when the Supreme Court, in a 5-to-4 decision, upheld a Missouri law that stated that the life of each human being begins at conception. The court refused to overturn Roe but allowed the state to ban the use of its funds for abortions and related counseling. Justice Antonin Scalia wrote an opinion concurring with the decision but angrily accusing the court of sending a mixed message and endorsing a chaos that is evident to anyone who can read and count. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. Roe seemed to be hanging by a thread  or at least one Supreme Court vote  and abortion rights advocates played to moderate voters with the slogan Who Decides  You or Them? as William Saletan recounts in his book Bearing Right. In the 1992 election, Democratic candidates, including Bill Clinton , tacked to the middle, successfully running on the message safe, legal and rare while also backing parental-consent laws. That year the Supreme Court reaffirmed Roe. For a time, abortion opponents were disconsolate. By the mid-90s, however, they struck upon a new line of legislative attack  seeking to ban a particular kind of extremely unusual late-term procedure. Everything changed when our side started talking about partial-birth abortion, Yoest told me. By coining that term and describing the dismemberment of the fetus in gruesome detail, activists successfully lobbied statehouses to ban it. Though late-term abortions of all kinds are rare  about 90 percent of abortions in the United States take place in the first trimester  the discussion about the procedure made people uncomfortable and took over the debate. Over the next few years, the number of Americans who defined themselves as pro-life began to rise (it recently hit 50 percent), followed by an increase in the number who said they believed abortion was morally wrong. Anti-abortion advocates had apparently succeeded by conflating one kind of late-term abortion with all abortion. Congress passed a late-term-abortion ban in 2003. The Supreme Court upheld the law 5 to 4 four years later. In his majority opinion, Justice Anthony Kennedy argued that abortion could hurt the women who sought the procedure. Citing a series of affidavits, collected by a small Texas anti-abortion group, from women who claimed to be harmed by abortion, he wrote that some women come to regret their choice to abort the infant life they once created and sustained. When Yoest took the helm of A.U.L. in 2008, she embraced this idea and has tried to make the case that being anti-abortion is being pro-woman. Photo Sitting at Starbucks with Yoest and her children as they drank their Frappuccinos, James and Sarah chatted comfortably about their school and their sports teams, allowing that they sometimes disagree with kids they know about politics, but chalking that up to the other kids ignorance. A lot of people like Obama because they arent aware of how he supports abortion, Sarah said. Their parents dont tell them. Were different because ours do. When Yoest and her husband feel friction between the family ethic and the values of their neighbors, they use it to bolster their kids sense of independence. In fourth grade, their middle daughter, Helena, was ordered to take off an anti-abortion T-shirt shed worn to school. I came straight in to have a little chat with the principal about the First Amendment, Yoest said. I think it helped Helena learn to stick to her guns. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Yoest takes pleasure in the idea of being the underdog fighting the liberal orthodoxy. She repeatedly brought up Planned Parenthood and its president, Cecile Richards, comparing A.U.L.s $4 million budget with Planned Parenthoods $1 billion. If the pro-choice side got traction, its because Cecile Richards has the bigger microphone, she would say. Or, We have to be countercultural  after all, Cecile Richards has the self-appointed duty of defining whats pro-woman these days. In the summer of 2011, Yoests staff hand-delivered a 181-page A.U.L. report, called The Case for Investigating Planned Parenthood, to some 250 legislators on Capitol Hill. To her delight, a Florida Republican, Cliff Stearns, a longtime abortion foe, followed up by beginning his own investigation of the womens-health provider. Last winter, the Komen foundation for breast- cancer research cited that inquiry in announcing that it would no longer finance Planned Parenthood. I am THRILLED, Yoest wrote on Twitter , which she uses to cultivate relationships with supporters and reporters and cheer on her kids sports teams. It was our carpe diem moment, she told me. But the moment slipped away as the breast-cancer charity was hit with an onslaught of fury from supporters of Planned Parenthood. No one at Komen was talking to Yoest. Theres so much information we could have thrown into the debate, she lamented. It was very frustrating to have the knowledge but not be the one turning the crank to get it out there. Yoest says that her ideas about abortion are driven by science. I can speak as someone who spent 10 years getting a Ph.D. at one of the top universities in the country, working with the data to get it to pass muster, she told me the first time we met, over breakfast at a restaurant near her office. I was surprised, then, when the next thing she said was that abortion increases a womans risk of breast cancer. The National Cancer Institute, the American Cancer Society and the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists have rejected that claim, citing, among other research, a 2004 analysis of 53 studies involving 83,000 women that found no link between abortion and a higher rate of cancer. Yet Yoest was insistent. As a breast cancer survivor, the spin on abortion and breast cancer really troubles me, she said. Why cant you report what the research actually shows? When I said the studies Id read showed no abortion-breast cancer link, she shook her head calmly and said, If you could spend time with the amazing people in AAPOLG the American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians and Gynecologists  they could walk you through the data. What data? I asked. Yoest would only refer back to the pro-life obstetricians she trusts and later declared that the scientific establishment is under the control of the abortion lobby. The idea that abortion increases the risk of cancer is the basis of a Texas law that A.U.L. helped draft, requiring doctors to tell patients about the link. Alaska, Kansas, Mississippi and Oklahoma have similar mandates. Legal scholars like Robert Post, dean of Yale Law School, have argued for years that forcing doctors to give their patients inaccurate information violates their First Amendment rights, but the Texas measure hasnt yet been challenged in court. Yoest was also involved in pushing for Arizona s Mothers Health and Safety Act, which passed in April and bans abortions after 20 weeks because the risks of medical complications rise around this point in pregnancy  in other words, supposedly to protect womens health. Similar bans in Alabama , Georgia, Louisiana , Idaho , Indiana, Kansas, Nebraska and Oklahoma were premised on the idea that a fetus by this point can feel pain (another claim that scientists dispute). In August, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit temporarily blocked Arizonas 20-week ban from going into effect, pending a hearing in San Francisco on Nov. 5. This is one of more than a dozen court challenges of abortion restrictions around the country. From Yoests perspective, the Arizona litigation is win-win: if the Ninth Circuit strikes the law down, the case could be bound for the Supreme Court, where Yoest hopes that Justice Kennedy would take kindly to the idea that the law was written to help women. Im thinking about flying to San Francisco to hear the argument in the case because thats such a signature piece of legislation for us, she said about the Arizona law. Expanding its reach to other states will definitely be one of our priorities. Advertisement Continue reading the main story <N> Testimony by Dr. Charmaine Yoest before the Senate Judiciary Committee on July 1, 2010: Thank you Chairman Leahy, Ranking Member Sessions, and members of the Committee for inviting me to testify on behalf of Americans United for Life (AUL), the oldest national pro-life public-interest law and policy organization. Our vision at AUL is a nation where everyone is welcomed in life and protected by law. We have been committed to defending human life through vigorous judicial, legislative, and educational efforts since 1971, and have been involved in every abortion-related case before the Supreme Court including Roe v. Wade. In fact, thirty years ago this week AUL successfully defended the constitutionality of the Hyde Amendment before the Supreme Court in Harris v. McRae, a landmark case in defense of unborn human life. I am here tonight because of AULs strong opposition to the nomination of Solicitor General Elena Kagan to the United States Supreme Court. Based on our research, we believe that Ms. Kagan will be an agenda-driven justice on the Court, and that she will oppose even the most widely-accepted protections for unborn human life. These hearings have strengthened our opposition to Ms. Kagans appointment as the record shows she was willing to manipulate the facts to pursue her own personal political agenda while serving as an advisor to President Clinton. Indeed, she demonstrated a pattern of behavior of letting her passion for a particular policy  in this case partial-birth abortion  overwhelm her judgment. Tonight Id like to make three points: First, I urge this Committee to officially investigate the discrepancies that have arisen this week between Ms. Kagans testimony and the written record about her actions related to lobbying the American Medical Association and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists during her tenure in the Clinton White House. The questions surrounding this period are troubling and call into question Ms. Kagans ability to adopt an impartial judicial temperament. Second, Ms. Kagan has an extensive record that demonstrates her hostility to regulations of abortion and any protections for unborn human life. We believe that Kagan would undermine any efforts by our elected representatives to pass or defend even the most widely-accepted commonsense regulations of abortion like bans on partial-birth abortion, parental notification and informed consent. Her testimony this week, particularly her response to Senator Feinstein that any regulation of abortion requires the Doe health exception, has added to this concern. Then third, we believe that a nominees judicial philosophy goes to the heart of his or her qualifications to serve on the United States Supreme Court. And we believe that Ms. Kagans agenda-driven judicial philosophy makes her unqualified to serve on the Court. I. Testimony Discrepancy Related to AMA and ACOG Lobbying We are asking this committee to investigate Ms. Kagans record related to her interaction with both the AMA and ACOG during her tenure as a policy advisor to President Clinton. Id like to focus attention tonight on her apparent efforts to influence and distort the record on the medical science related to partial-birth abortion. In a December 14, 1996 memo, Kagan addressed the pending release of a proposed statement by ACOG that partial-birth abortion is never medically necessary. The release of such a statement, she argued, . . .would be a disaster . . . In response, White House documents show that Kagan drafted an amendment to ACOGs statement, dramatically altering their language, which stated that partial-birth abortion: may be the best or most appropriate in a particular circumstance to save the life or preserve the health of a woman. ACOG subsequently adopted Ms. Kagans handwritten change into their final statement. Kagan claimed before this Committee that she was simply a scribe for changes coming from ACOG. But Kagans response raises more questions than it answers. And this was not an isolated case. We have further evidence that she pursued this same strategy with the AMA. Similar to ACOGs original position, the AMA issued a policy stating that no situations had been identified where partial-birth abortion was the only appropriate method of abortion and that ethical concerns surrounded it. In a White House email dated June 1, 1997, Ms. Kagan wrote that she just came from a meeting which focused on whether the AMA policy can be reversed at its convention on June 23. Kagan then concluded: We agreed to do a bit of thinking about whether we could contribute to that effort. Elena Kagan was so opposed to the passage of a ban on partial-birth abortion that she appears to have advocated for ACOG and the AMA to suppress or modify their view. She made a deliberate decision to advocate for partial-birth abortion, even to the point of working to deceive the American public about the medical science related to the procedure. As a woman, this deeply offends me. II. Elena Kagans Abortion Record and Hostility to Abortion Regulations Kagans partial-birth abortion activism highlights our next concern: her record demonstrates a commitment to advancing an abortion regime with no restrictions and a particular hostility to abortion regulations. During Elena Kagans service in the Clinton White House she urged the President to oppose any meaningful restrictions on partial-birth abortion arguing in a memo that even a weak ban was unconstitutional. . . Kagan argued that any partial-birth abortion ban that extended to pre-viability abortions for any reason was unconstitutional. In contrast, the Supreme Court upheld the Partial Birth Abortion Ban in Gonzales v. Carhart, over ten years after Kagan advised President Clinton that his much weaker proposal was unconstitutional. Our concern is not simply that Elena Kagan will be another judge who supports upholding Roe v. Wade. Rather, we are concerned that even the most widely-accepted regulations on abortion will not withstand her review. Our concern about the future of these laws only deepened during Kagans testimony. During an exchange with Senator Diane Feinstein, Kagan stated that the Doe v. Bolton health exception applies to all abortion regulations. Kagans next-day statement that Gonzales is settled law neither retracts her testimony from Tuesday, nor mitigates the concern it raises. Kagans view is more radical than what the Supreme Court has required even prior to the Gonzales decision. Laws that are supported by a majority of Americans  parental involvement, informed consent, abortion funding, fetal pain, late-term procedures, abortion clinic regulations and more  all these have been upheld without Does unlimited health exception. All of these laws would be in jeopardy under Elena Kagans professed view that Does unlimited definition of health must apply. III. Elena Kagans Judicial Philosophy Finally, in conclusion, a Supreme Court nominees judicial philosophy is as relevant to whether she is qualified to serve on the Court as her intellectual ability, education, and professional experience. And Elena Kagans record indicates that she will be an agenda-driven justice, deciding cases on her own political and social ideology rather than the Constitution. For example, Ms. Kagan once wrote: . . . judges will often try to mold and steer the law in order to promote certain ethical values and achieve certain social ends. Such activity is not necessarily wrong or invalid. The record of Ms. Kagans professional career in politics and on abortion reveal a committed pro-abortion ideologue. When combined with other statements and writings that reveal her judicial philosophy, it is clear that a Justice Kagan would use the Constitution and other sources of law to mold and steer the law to promote her own agenda and force a right to abortion on our country broader than the one created in Roe v. Wade. Thank you for inviting me to testify today. <N> Number 434, June 2009 (Replaces Committee Opinion Number 285, August 2003) Reaffirmed 2018 Committee on Gynecologic Practice This document reflects emerging clinical and scientific advances as of the date issued and is subject to change. The information should not be construed as dictating an exclusive course of treatment or procedure to be followed. Induced Abortion and Breast Cancer Risk Abstract: The relationship between induced abortion and the subsequent development of breast cancer has been the subject of a substantial amount of epidemiologic study. Early studies of the relationship between prior induced abortion and breast cancer risk were methodologically flawed. More rigorous recent studies demonstrate no causal relationship between induced abortion and a subsequent increase in breast cancer risk. The relationship between induced abortion and the subsequent development of breast cancer has been the subject of a substantial amount of epidemiologic study. Early case control studies that reported an association between induced abortion and subsequent development of breast cancer had significant methodological problems, most notably reliance on retrospective reporting of abortion history. A key methodological consideration in interpreting the evidence for any relationship between abortion and breast cancer risk is the sensitive nature of abortion, which could affect the accuracy in retrospective studies that rely on participant reports of having had an abortion. In contrast to retrospective studies, prospective studies conclude there is no association between induced abortion and breast cancer. A world-wide meta-analysis of 83,000 women examined the relationship between induced abortion and breast cancer and found a significant difference between the overall estimate of relative risk (RR) from studies that had recorded information on induced abortion prospectively (RR, 0.93; 95% confidence interval, 0.890.96) and the overall estimate of RR from studies that had recorded such information retrospectively (RR, 1.11; 95% confidence interval, 1.091.14), suggesting that reporting bias was probably present in studies using retrospective reporting of abortion history (1). In 2003, the National Cancer Institute convened the Early Reproductive Events and Breast Cancer Workshop to evaluate the current strength of evidence of epidemiologic, clinical, and animal studies addressing the association between reproductive events and the risk of breast cancer (2). The workshop participants concluded that induced abortion is not associated with an increase in breast cancer risk. Studies published since 2003 continue to support this conclusion (37). Early studies of the relationship between prior induced abortion and breast cancer risk were methodologically flawed. More rigorous recent studies demonstrate no causal relationship between induced abortion and a subsequent increase in breast cancer risk. References Beral V, Bull D, Doll R, Peto R, Reeves G. Breast cancer and abortion: collaborative reanalysis of data from 53 epidemiological studies, including 83,000 women with breast cancer from 16 countries. Collaborative Group on Hormonal Factors in Breast Cancer. Lancet 2004;363:100716. National Cancer Institute. Summary report: early reproductive events and breast cancer workshop. Bethesda (MD): NCI; 2003. Available at: _LINKS_ ere-workshop-report. Retrieved November 6, 2008. Rosenblatt KA, Gao DL, Ray RM, Rowland MR, Nelson ZC, Wernli KJ, et al. Induced abortions and the risk of all cancers combined and site-specific cancers in Shanghai. Cancer Causes Control 2006;17:127580. Reeves GK, Kan SW, Key T, Tjonneland A, Olsen A, Overvad K, et al. Breast cancer risk in relation to abortion: results from the EPIC study. Int J Cancer 2006;119:17415. Michels KB, Xue F, Colditz GA, Willett WC. Induced and spontaneous abortion and incidence of breast cancer among young women: a prospective cohort study. Arch Intern Med 2007;167:81420. Lash TL, Fink AK. Null association between pregnancy termination and breast cancer in a registry-based study of parous women. Int J Cancer 2004;110:4438. Henderson KD, Sullivan-Halley J, Reynolds P, Horn-Ross PL, Clarke CA, Chang ET, et al. Incomplete pregnancy is not associated with breast cancer risk: the California Teachers Study. Contraception 2008;77:3916. <N> In February 2003, the National Cancer Institute  convened a workshop of over 100 of the worlds leading experts who study pregnancy and breast cancer risk. Workshop participants reviewed existing population-based, clinical, and animal studies on the relationship between pregnancy and breast cancer risk, including studies of induced and spontaneous abortions. They concluded that having an abortion or miscarriage does not increase a womans subsequent risk of developing breast cancer. A summary of their findings can be found below in the Summary Report: Early Reproductive Events and Breast Cancer Workshop. Updated information on studies of cancer risk and abortion and other reproductive history factors is available in the Reproductive History and Cancer Risk fact sheet. Background A womans hormone levels normally change throughout her life for a variety of reasons, and these hormonal changes can lead to changes in her breasts. Many such hormonal changes occur during pregnancy, changes that may influence a womans chances of developing breast cancer later in life. As a result, over several decades a considerable amount of research has been and continues to be conducted to determine whether having an induced abortion, or a miscarriage (also known as spontaneous abortion), influences a womans chances of developing breast cancer later in life. The relationship between induced and spontaneous abortion and breast cancer risk has been the subject of extensive research beginning in the late 1950s. Until the mid-1990s, the evidence was inconsistent. Findings from some studies suggested there was no increase in risk of breast cancer among women who had had an abortion, while findings from other studies suggested there was an increased risk. Most of these studies, however, were flawed in a number of ways that can lead to unreliable results. Only a small number of women were included in many of these studies, and for most, the data were collected only after breast cancer had been diagnosed, and womens histories of miscarriage and abortion were based on their self-report rather than on their medical records. Since then, better-designed studies have been conducted. These newer studies examined large numbers of women, collected data before breast cancer was found, and gathered medical history information from medical records rather than simply from self-reports, thereby generating more reliable findings. The newer studies consistently showed no association between induced and spontaneous abortions and breast cancer risk. Ongoing Research Supported by the National Cancer Institute Basic, clinical, and population research will continue to be supported to investigate the relationship and the mechanisms of how hormones in general and during pregnancy influence the development of breast cancer. Important Information about Breast Cancer Risk Factors At present, the factors known to increase a womans chance of developing breast cancer include age (a womans chances of getting breast cancer increase as she gets older), a family history of breast cancer, an early age at first menstrual period, a late age at menopause, a late age at the time of birth of her first full-term baby, and certain breast conditions. Obesity is also a risk factor for breast cancer in postmenopausal women. Summary Report: Early Reproductive Events and Breast Cancer Workshop Introduction The Early Reproductive Events and Breast Cancer Workshop convened February 24-26, 2003, and the outcomes of the meeting were reviewed and discussed at the joint meeting of the NCI Board of Scientific Advisors (BSA) and Board of Scientific Counselors (BSC) held March 3, 2003. The Workshop was established to provide an integrated scientific assessment of the association between reproductive events and the risk of breast cancer. Participants represented a diversity of breast cancer expertise, including epidemiologists, clinicians, basic scientists and breast cancer advocates. The Workshop evaluated the current strength of evidence of the characteristics of pregnancy related to cancer (epidemiologic studies), the biologic changes resulting from pregnancy that may be involved in modifying breast cancer risk (clinical studies), and the biologic mechanisms identified (animal studies). This report summarizes the epidemiologic, clinical and animal studies findings related to early reproductive events and breast cancer risk, and each finding is given a Strength of Evidence Rating*. Gaps in research knowledge for each scientific area are identified, and recommendations for future research directions are provided. Epidemiologic Findings Early age at first term birth is related to lifetime decrease in breast cancer risk. (1) Increasing parity is associated with a long-term risk reduction, even when controlling for age at first birth. (1) The additional long-term protective effect of young age at subsequent term pregnancies is not as strong as for the first term pregnancy. (1) A nulliparous woman has approximately the same risk as a woman with a first term birth around age 30. (1) Breast cancer risk is transiently increased after a term pregnancy. (1) Induced abortion is not associated with an increase in breast cancer risk. (1) Recognized spontaneous abortion is not associated with an increase in breast cancer risk. (1) Long duration of lactation provides a small additional reduction in breast cancer risk after consideration of age at and number of term pregnancies. (1) Pregnancy-induced hypertension is associated with decreased breast cancer risk. (2) Maternal DES exposure is associated with an increase in breast cancer risk. (3) Epidemiologic Gaps By what mechanism does pregnancy at an early age protect against breast cancer? Do pregnancy and age at pregnancy modify radiation-induced breast cancer risk? What are the effects of age at pregnancy on subgroups of women (e.g., those with BRCA-1 and BRCA-2 mutations)? What is the mechanism by which lactation affects breast cancer risk? What is the temporal pattern of breast cancer risk following lactation? What is the effect of lactation on women with BRCA-1 and BRCA-2 mutations? Does gender of offspring have an effect? Does birth weight of offspring have an effect? What is the impact of multiple births in the same pregnancy, with and without assisted reproductive technology? What are the breast cancer risk implications of abnormal pregnancies (e.g., spina bifida, late fetal death, fertility treatment-induced pregnancy, preterm delivery, small for gestational age offspring)? What is the mechanism by which pre-eclampsia reduces breast cancer risk? Is there a distinction between hypertension and pre-eclampsia with respect to breast cancer risk? Is gestational diabetes associated with breast cancer risk? Clinical Findings There are long-lasting decreases in mammographic density following pregnancy. (2) There may be changes in breast histology that can be correlated with risk in premenopausal women. (3) Prolactin, estradiol, and IGF-1 are decreased after pregnancy. (3) Clinical Gaps What are the levels, determinants, and interactions of pregnancy-related mammotrophic factors, ligands, and receptors? What is the time course of pregnancy-related hormonal changes? Are pregnancy-related hormonal changes influenced by genetic polymorphisms? What is the precise nature of pregnancy-related changes in breast histology? How is the epithelial/stromal relationship altered in pregnancy? Can pregnancy-related changes in breast histology be correlated with ductal lavage findings? Can noninvasive procedures for assessing breast composition (e.g., MRI and other imaging techniques, particularly functional imaging) substitute for histology? What are the molecular changes in the breast during and after pregnancy? What are the histologic and molecular characteristics of breast tumors during and after pregnancy? Are there immune system changes that may be relevant to breast cancer risk following pregnancy? Are there pregnancy-related, non-hormonal metabolic changes relevant to breast cancer risk? Animal Model Findings Pregnancy protects against subsequent chemical carcinogen-induced breast cancer in rats and mice. (1) Estrogen and progesterone combinations and hCG protect against carcinogen-induced cancer in rodents by mimicking pregnancy. (1) Short-term estrogen exposure, at levels of estrogen mimicking pregnancy, is protective for carcinogen-induced cancer in rats. (1) Animal Model Gaps What are the mechanisms of hormone action when they are given before or after chemical carcinogen exposure? What is the relationship between pregnancy and risk of preneoplastic lesions? What are the levels, determinants, and interactions of pregnancy-related mammotrophic factors, ligands, and receptors? Future Research Directions Develop additional animal and treatment models, including further examination of existing models. Examine the molecular mechanisms of hormone-induced protection, including epithelial/stromal interactions. Integrate the methodology of genomics and proteomics into the study of pregnancy in relation to risk of breast cancer. Pursue descriptive studies about human breast development in order to formulate new hypotheses. Pursue international studies to develop hypotheses for observed international differences in breast cancer risk. Develop surrogate markers to identify risk of breast cancer following pregnancy. Translate knowledge about protective effects of pregnancy into intervention trials with human populations. Promote interactions among epidemiologists, clinicians, and basic scientists. Consider a funding mechanism aimed at interdisciplinary research concerning pregnancy and breast cancer. Develop high-throughput technology for hormone measurement. Support the collecting, archiving, and sharing of relevant biospecimens. Boards' Response The NCI Board of Scientific Advisors and Board of Scientific Counselors reviewed and discussed the results of the Early Reproductive Events and Breast Cancer Workshop, and unanimously approved the Workshop findings. One additional gap in our clinical understanding of breast cancer was identified: Do breast cancers diagnosed during pregnancy have different morphologic or molecular characteristics than those diagnosed at other times? It is hoped that the outcomes of this Workshop will help guide the Institute's future research agenda and public communication materials. Regular Evidence Review NCI regularly reviews and analyzes the scientific literature on many topics, including various risk factors for breast cancer. Considering the body of literature that has been published since 2003, when NCI held this extensive workshop on early reproductive events and cancer, the evidence overall still does not support early termination of pregnancy as a cause of breast cancer. To view regular updates on this topic, please go to the Breast Cancer Prevention (PDQ) summary. *Strength of Evidence Ratings Key Strength of Evidence Ratings: Epidemiology 1 = Well established 2 = Weight of evidence favors 3 = Suggested from human population studies, but speculative 4 = Suggested from laboratory or theoretical considerations but essentially unevaluated in human populations Strength of Evidence Ratings: Biologic Changes 1 = Well established 2 = Weight of evidence favors 3 = Suggested by human evidence, but speculative 4 = Suggested from laboratory findings or theoretical considerations but essentially unevaluated in humans Strength of Evidence Ratings: Biological Mechanisms from Laboratory Studies 1 = Well established 2 = Weight of evidence favors 3 = Suggested by experimental evidence, but speculative 4 = Not supported by experimental evidence Minority Dissenting Comment One invited participant to the Early Reproductive Events and Breast Cancer Workshop, held February 24-26, 2003, submitted to the National Cancer Institute a public comment regarding the outcomes of the workshop. Submitted as a "minority report," the participant conveyed partial disagreement with the findings of the workshop report presented to the joint meeting of the NCI Board of Scientific Counselors and the NCI Board of Scientific Advisors. The participant remains "convinced that the weight of available evidence suggests a real, independent, positive association between induced abortion and breast cancer risk." In a general statement, the participant noted that the workshop summary report contained no comment of dissent. <N> Abortion and Breast Cancer Risk Abortion is an issue that can bring out strong feelings in people. These feelings are often linked to personal, religious, and political views that may have little to do with any connection to a disease like cancer. Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women (aside from skin cancer), and its the second leading cancer killer in women. Because it can be a deadly disease, its one that many women fear. Linking these topics creates a great deal of emotion and debate. But scientific research studies have not found a cause-and-effect relationship between abortion and breast cancer. How might hormone levels affect breast cancer risk? A womans risk for some types of breast cancer is related to levels of certain hormones in the body. Breast cells normally grow and divide in response to hormones like estrogen, progesterone, and prolactin. Levels of these hormones change throughout a womans life. Breast cancer risk can be affected by a number of things that alter these hormone levels. For example, women who have more menstrual periods over their lifetime (because their periods start earlier, they go through menopause later, or they never get pregnant) have a slightly higher risk of breast cancer. The use of some types of hormones (for birth control or to control the symptoms of menopause) can also increase breast cancer risk slightly (although this risk goes down over time after hormone use is stopped). On the other hand, breastfeeding might lower breast cancer risk slightly. Pregnancy and breast cancer risk Women who have a full-term pregnancy before age 20 have a lower risk of breast cancer than women who never have a full-term pregnancy or who have their first full-term pregnancy after the age of 30 or 35. The risk of breast cancer also goes down as the number of full-term pregnancies goes up. Still, a full-term pregnancy after age 30 is linked to a higher risk of breast cancer than never giving birth. The reasons for these changes in risk are not entirely clear. We do know that hormone levels typically change a lot during pregnancy. Some of these changes cause cells in the breast to mature, to help prepare to produce milk for breastfeeding. This might affect the tendency for these cells to become cancerous. Pregnancy also decreases a womans total number of menstrual cycles, which also seems to affect breast cancer risk. Still, the reason for the differences in breast cancer risk based on the womans age during her first full-term pregnancy is not known. Does abortion affect hormones during pregnancy? Concern about a possible link between abortion and breast cancer has been raised because abortion is thought to interrupt the normal cycle of hormones during pregnancy. Some believe that this interruption might increase a womans risk of developing breast cancer. There are different types of abortion: Spontaneous abortion , which most people refer to as a miscarriage, is the loss of a fetus before 5 months (20 weeks) into the pregnancy. It is often caused by problems with the fetus or with the maternal environment in which it is growing. , which most people refer to as a miscarriage, is the loss of a fetus before 5 months (20 weeks) into the pregnancy. It is often caused by problems with the fetus or with the maternal environment in which it is growing. Stillborn birth (stillbirth) is usually considered to be the death of a fetus after 5 months gestation while still in the uterus (womb). is usually considered to be the death of a fetus after 5 months gestation while still in the uterus (womb). Induced abortion is a medical procedure done to end a pregnancy. It is what most people think of when they hear abortion. All of these have been studied to see what effect they may have on a womans risk of developing breast cancer later in life. Research on abortion and breast cancer Researchers have looked at the possible link between abortion and breast cancer for many years, but this has been a difficult area to study. How is this studied? The most reliable way to know if something causes cancer would be to do a randomized study. This means that you would take a large number of people, expose half of them to the thing that could cause cancer (the possible carcinogen), and dont expose the other half to the possible carcinogen. Whether someone is in the exposed or non-exposed group would be chosen at random. As long as the 2 groups were similar to start with in terms of risk factors for cancer, any difference in cancer risk between the 2 groups would likely be because of being exposed to the possible carcinogen. Of course, it isnt practical or ethical to study the effects of many things on cancer risk with this kind of study. This is especially true for effects of abortion. Instead, to look at the effects of abortion on cancer risk, we have to use observational studies. These kinds of studies gather information about the people in them, often by asking questions or looking at medical records. Then the researchers try to see if certain factors (or exposures) are linked to certain outcomes. There are different types of observational studies: In a case-control study, a group of people who already have a disease like cancer (called the cases) are compared to a group of people who dont (called the controls) to see if there are differences in their past exposures. Often, this is done by asking the people in the study many questions about what they did or were exposed to many years ago. This is called a retrospective design. One problem with retrospective studies is that it can be hard to remember what you did long ago. This might mean that the study could miss a link. But a bigger problem with this kind of study is that people with a disease like cancer often think very hard about what they may have done in the past that could have contributed to their getting cancer. They are more likely to remember things that the healthy people dont. They are also more likely to tell the researchers about things that they would otherwise feel was too personal or embarrassing to mention  like abortion. This is called recall bias, and it can lead to a study finding links that may not really exist. A cohort study is another kind of observational study, but it is less prone to recall bias. In this type of study, researchers gather baseline information about a group of people who dont have the disease being studied (like breast cancer). These people are then watched over time, often being asked every so often about possible risk factors and exposures. After a period of time, the researchers look to see who got the disease and who didnt. They can see if the people who got the disease were more likely to have had a certain exposure. Since none of the people had the disease (like cancer) at the start of the study, there is no chance that having the disease would have influenced their memory or their willingness to report things in their past (like abortion). Because cohort studies follow people forward in time, they are called prospective studies. Researchers generally consider the conclusions from cohort studies to be stronger than those from case-control studies. Some case control studies try to get past recall bias by using information that was collected before the person had cancer. They may use medical records or birth certificate registry information, for example. Because these studies use information collected before the cancer, they are also considered prospective studies. What do the studies show? The results of studies looking at the possible link between breast cancer and induced abortion often differ depending on how the study was done. Cohort studies and studies that used records to determine the history of abortions have not found an increased risk. Some case-control studies, however, have found an increase in risk. Cohort and other prospective studies The largest, and probably the most reliable, study on this topic was done during the 1990s in Denmark, a country with very detailed medical records on all its citizens. In this study, all Danish women born between 1935 and 1978 (a total of 1.5 million women) were linked with the National Registry of Induced Abortions and with the Danish Cancer Registry. All of the information about their abortions and their breast cancer came from registries  it was very complete and was not influenced by recall bias. After adjusting for known breast cancer risk factors, the researchers found that induced abortion(s) had no overall effect on the risk of breast cancer. The size of this study and the manner in which it was done provide good evidence that induced abortion does not affect a womans risk of developing breast cancer. Another large cohort study was reported on by Harvard researchers in 2007. This study included more than 100,000 women who were between the ages of 29 and 46 at the start of the study in 1993. These women were followed until 2003. Because they were asked about childbirths and abortions at the start of the study, recall bias was unlikely to be a problem. After adjusting for known breast cancer risk factors, the researchers found no link between either spontaneous or induced abortions and breast cancer. The California Teachers Study also reported on more than 100,000 women in 2008. Researchers had asked the women in 1995 about past induced and spontaneous abortions. There was no difference in breast cancer risk between the group who had either spontaneous or induced abortions and those who had not had an abortion. A European cohort study that published findings in 2006 followed over 260,000 women from 9 countries over an average of more than 6 years. This study found no link between induced abortion and breast cancer risk. A French cohort study of more than 100,000 women, published in 2003, also found no link between induced abortion and breast cancer risk. A 2013 Danish study of over 25,000 women who had at least one full-term pregnancy found no link between induced abortion and breast cancer risk over 12 years of follow-up. Other cohort studies have looked specifically at the possible link between abortion and breast cancer in African-American women and in women who are at increased risk of breast cancer because they have mutations in the BRCA genes. These studies also did not find a link. Retrospective case-control studies In 2004, the Collaborative Group on Hormonal Factors in Breast Cancer, based out of Oxford University in England, put together the results of many studies that looked at abortion and breast cancer risk. It looked at both cohort and case-control studies. When the studies that gathered information retrospectively (case-control studies) were looked at together, there were about 39,000 women with breast cancer (the cases) that were compared to about 48,000 women who hadnt had breast cancer (the controls). They found about an 11% increased risk of breast cancer in women who reported having an induced abortion. Some other retrospective studies published since then have also found an increased risk, including a case-control study of about 1,300 women from China (published in 2012) and a case-control study of 300 women in Iran (published in 2011). But some recent case-control studies have not found a link, including a study of about 350 women from Serbia (published in 2013). In fact, women in this study had a lower risk of breast cancer. Why dont all of the studies agree? Induced abortion brings up many strong feelings in people, so it is often hard to study its long-term effects. Before 1973, induced abortions were illegal in much of the United States. So when researchers asked a woman about past pregnancies, she may not have felt comfortable saying that she had an abortion. Even though abortion is now legal, it is still a very personal, private matter that many women do not like to talk about. This means that many women might not report having an abortion if asked for a study. In contrast, women with breast cancer are more likely to accurately report their reproductive histories, including a history of having an abortion. This recall bias (which was discussed earlier) could lead to retrospective studies finding links that arent found in prospective studies. Still, not everyone agrees that this is the reason that the different types of studies conflict. In general, though, when prospective and retrospective studies conflict, experts generally accept the results of the prospective studies over the retrospective studies. What do the experts say? Several groups of experts have looked at the available studies on the possible link between abortion and breast cancer. In 2003, the US National Cancer Institute (NCI) held a workshop of more than 100 of the worlds leading experts who study pregnancy and breast cancer risk. The experts reviewed human and animal studies that looked at the link between pregnancy and breast cancer risk, including studies of induced and spontaneous abortions. Some of their findings were: Breast cancer risk is increased for a short time after a full-term pregnancy (that is, a pregnancy that results in the birth of a living child). Induced abortion is not linked to an increase in breast cancer risk. Spontaneous abortion is not linked to an increase in breast cancer risk. The level of scientific evidence for these findings was considered to be well established (the highest level). The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) Committee on Gynecologic Practice also reviewed the available evidence in 2003 and again in 2009. In 2009, the Committee said, Early studies of the relationship between prior induced abortion and breast cancer risk were methodologically flawed. More rigorous recent studies demonstrate no causal relationship between induced abortion and a subsequent increase in breast cancer risk. In 2004, the Collaborative Group on Hormonal Factors in Breast Cancer, based out of Oxford University in England, put together the results from 53 separate studies done in 16 different countries. These studies included about 83,000 women with breast cancer (44,000 in prospective studies and 39,000 in retrospective studies). Although the results of the retrospective studies showed a small increase in risk, the prospective studies found a small decrease in risk. After combining and reviewing the results from all of these studies, the researchers concluded that the totality of worldwide epidemiological evidence indicates that pregnancies ending as either spontaneous or induced abortions do not have adverse effects on womens subsequent risk of developing breast cancer. These experts did not find that abortions (either induced or spontaneous) cause a higher breast cancer risk. Conclusion The topic of abortion and breast cancer highlights many of the most challenging aspects of studies of people and how those studies do or do not translate into public health guidelines. The issue of abortion generates passionate viewpoints in many people. Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women aside from skin cancer; and breast cancer is the second leading cancer killer in women. Still, the public is not well-served by false alarms. At this time, the scientific evidence does not support the notion that abortion of any kind raises the risk of breast cancer or any other type of cancer. <N> The day after Bill Nye Saves the World premieres on Netflix on Friday, its eponymous host is off to headline the country-wide March for Science. Nyes been named the events honorary co-chair, which means  according to him  he can go to Starbucks with the title and get a coffee for five dollars. In other words  it doesnt change his regular joe status. But the thing is, Nye is no regular joe. Also Read: Bill Nye Set to Debunk Tony Robbins-Style Hot Coal Walking With Hard Science Nye is the only entertainment personality with the movements distinction, although he also holds a degree in mechanical engineering. Others include Mona Hanna-Attisha, the doctor who helped expose lead poisoning in Flint, and Lydia Villa-Komaroff, a molecular biologist who helped develop the technique for making insulin. (The March for Science is a reaction from the scientific community over the Trump administrations handling of science issues, especially when it comes to climate change.) Bill is arguably best known for hosting the popular childrens show Bill Nye the Science Guy in the mid-1990s, but his history since then has made him a headliner in the climate change conversation. He has been a part of a few tense debates concerning the realities of climate change, and hes only going to talk about it more on his new show, much to the chagrin of people who may not want to hear it. Im trying to change the world, he told TheWrap in a recent interview. You may be tired of people like me talking about climate change. Were tired, too! he said. Its the most important problem facing humankind, in my opinion. Also Read: Bill Nye's Netflix Talk Show Gets First Trailer Featuring Zach Braff, Rachel Bloom, Wil Wheaton (Video) Nye has grown far beyond the confines of his childrens show host persona. He still wears the bowties and puts on a cheery, enthusiastic exterior (he uses phrases like sunshine team in our interview), but like a lot of his original audience, his priorities lie in different areas, specifically in debunking pseudo-science. Hes taken on climate change deniers on talk shows and has been vocal in the fight for legitimizing science. This has made him some enemies, such as Fox News host Tucker Carlson, who he says is probably anti-Bill. Bill Nye Saves the World seeks to help its audience tackle scientific issues with a critical eye. With the help of guest stars such as Zach Braff, Karlie Kloss, Tim Gunn and others, Nye and his correspondents, as he calls them, go around the world exploring topics such as alternative medicine and climate change  things that have scores of believers but no basis in science. In one episode, Nye and his team address the spiritual practice of walking on burning hot coals. While people pay for retreats to learn how to do this, Nye proves that its possible mostly with physics. People will charge you $5,000 for a weekend where you learn to be spiritually prepared to walk across wooden burning coals. You dont have to do that, you can just walk across wooden burning coals, he exclaimed. Also Read: Sarah Palin Doesn't Think Bill Nye the Science Guy Is a Real Scientist In another, he highlights alternative medicine practices, seeking to educate people on the realities of the industry in a literal sense. These methods of healing may have mental effects but for Nye, theres no basis in science. If you go to a foo-foo grocery store where the food is whole, for example, most of their money is made off these alternative medicines or dietary supplements, and most of them dont do anything, he said. I think people will be interested to watch it. While hes interested in how things look now, hes also looking to the future. In the interview, he mentions his fascination with self-driving cars and artificial intelligence, predicting that by April 2034, driving a car will be a skill like horseback riding: only a select number of people will know how to do it. My grandfather apparently rode horses to run into World War I, Nye said. Now, nobody rides horses. Everything changed in just 20 years. Through his work both on the show and off, Nye seeks to teach people how to think critically. He realizes that people have a cognitive dissonance in regards to certain issues like climate change  understandable to him considering how isolated certain parts of the United States are and how belief systems work, he says  but he hopes that people can learn to use reason. Also Read: 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' Creator (Partly) Credits Online Piracy for Show's Revival [The audience believes] they can influence the future and leave the world better than when they found it. Come on, its a half hour. Thats plenty of time. Make no small plans, people! In the meantime, you can watch his show, which premieres Friday at midnight, or you can attend one of the many March for Science protests happening around the country on Saturday. You can do worse on a weekend. Nye says its going to be a party. Were going to have bands and happy food trucks and inspiring speeches from thoughtful, hilarious people, he said. <N> CLAIM Bill Nye said that gender is determined "by your chromosomes" during an episode of "Bill Nye the Science Guy." RATING ORIGIN In April 2017, as a debate over the role of science in the United States continued in the wake of the international March for Science, an image appeared purportedly showing a still from an old episode of Bill Nye the Science Guy along with a caption stating Gender is determined by your chromosomes: This meme gained popularity shortly after the debut of Nyes new show, Bill Nye Saves the World, which featured an episode entitled The Sexual Spectrum. Heres how Nye opened the episode in question  not by saying that gender is determined by your chromosomes, but by discussing that the genetic basis of sex determination through chromosomes is more complicated than usually presented: These are human chromosomes. They contain all the genes you need to make a human person. This one is called an X chromosome and this one down there, thats a Y chromosome. They are sex chromosomes. Females usually have two Xs and males usually have an X and a Y. But it turns out, about 1 in every 400 pregnancies have a different number of sex chromosomes. Some people only have one sex chromosome, some people have 3, 4 or even 5. For me, I usually feel like I have a lot. But using science, we know that sex and every aspect of human sexuality, well, its a little complicated. [] The world is wonderfully diverse. As scientists we use the scientific method to try and understand that diversity. That is what is happening with the study of human sex and sexuality. Right now, biologists, sociologists, anthropologists, they all are trying to figure this out. And they are finding out that human sexuality is on a spectrum. Conservative outlets criticized Nye for contributing to transgender insanity, and social media users shared memes insinuating that Nyes science had been irrevocably tainted by liberal politics: However, this meme does not accurately depict a genuine quote from Bill Nye. It is a screenshot pulled from a fifth-season episode of Bill Nye The Science Guy, entitled Genes. The clip, which can be glimpsed starting at the 9:05 mark of the following video, shows Nye explaining how humans generally have 23 pairs of chromosomes: Our genes are stored in parts of our cells called chromosomes. They look like this. Chromosomes contain all of the genetic information, all of the instructions you need to make a person. Now humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes for a total of 46. Shortly after this meme went viral and was subsequently debunked, Nyes detractors latched onto a 20-year-old clip from Bill Nye the Science Guy which featured actress Amy Broder saying that there were only two possibilities when it comes to gender: Youre either X and X. Girl. Or X and Y. Boy. The chance of becoming either a boy or a girl is always 1 in 2. This clip comes from Probabilities an episode from the shows fourth season. The scene can be glimpsed at the 7:43 mark of the following video: So what changed? Did Bill Nye alter his scientific conclusions to appease a liberal audience? Was he paid off to say that gender was a spectrum as some have alleged? Nye may have provided some insight into this quandary in 2017 during The Sexual Spectrum episode of Bill Nye Saves the World. Before bringing out the Abacus of Sex, a tool used by Nye to describe four aspects of sexuality, sex, gender, expression, and attraction, Nye said that his understanding of sexuality, as well as the worlds, was still evolving: If youre like me, and I know I am, youre still learning about this field of science. We used to think that there were just two settings. Male and female. But its actually a lot sexier than that. Nye expressed a similar sentiment toward the end of the episode: Take sex. We used to think it was pretty straightforward. X and a Y chromosome for males. Two Xs for females. But we see more combinations than that in real life. [] We have to listen to the science. And the science says that were all on a spectrum. Learning about science is a process. Although a character on Bill Nye the Science Guy may have said that there were only two possibilities when it comes to gender, that episode first aired more than 20 years ago in 1996. Nyes understanding of sex and gender, as well as the worlds, has grown since then. This clip was subjected to yet another rumor in May 2017, when outlets like the Daily Wire published articles claiming that the Internet streaming giant had edited an old episode of Bill Nye the Science Guy to omit a segment about gender. A spokesperson for Netflix told us in an e-mail: Netflix did not edit Bill Nye The Science Guy. It was delivered to us that way by Buena Vista TV. <N> Science educator Bill Nye is best known for hosting 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' a PBS Kids show about science. Who Is Bill Nye? Born on November 27, 1955, Bill Nye grew up in Washington, D.C. After graduating from Cornell University, he moved to Seattle to work as a mechanical engineer for Boeing and eventually became a comedy show writer and performer. Nye went on to become the face of Bill Nye the Science Guy, an award-winning educational program that taught science to preteens. Also a successful author, he remains a popular public figure and vocal member of the science community. Bill Nye (Photo: F. Scott Schafer Courtesy Planetary Society) Net Worth Nye's net worth is estimated at $6.5 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. Early Life & Education American science educator William Sanford Nye, better known as Bill Nye "The Science Guy," was born in Washington, D.C., on November 27, 1955, to Jacqueline and Edwin Darby Nye. Brilliant in math and science, Nye's mother was recruited to become a codebreaker during World War II. His father was held in a Japanese prisoner of war camp, where he had no electricity, for four years: The experience made Edwin Nye a sundial enthusiast, and later, his son would become one himself. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website After attending the private Sidwell Friends School, Nye enrolled at Cornell University, where he studied mechanical engineering. Upon earning his Bachelor of Science degree, Nye went on to begin his career at The Boeing Company in Seattle, where he would live for many years. Nye developed a hydraulic pressure resonance suppressor that is still used in the Boeing 747. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Entertainment Career Nye got his start in comedy after winning a Steve Martin look-alike contest, and went on to work as an engineer by day and a stand-up comic by night. He eventually quit his day job and became a comedy writer and performer on the show Almost Live. It was there that he earned the nickname "The Science Guy." 'Bill Nye the Science Guy' Soon after, Seattle's PBS KCTS-TV produced the show Bill Nye the Science Guy, an educational television program that aired from September 10, 1993, to June 20, 1998. Nye hosted the show, which aimed to teach science to a preteen audience: Each of the show's 100 episodes focused on a specific topic. The show is often used in schools as an educational tool. Over its five-year run, the show won 19 Emmy Awards; Nye personally received seven Emmys, for writing, performing and producing. After the show ended, Nye went on to work on other television shows, including The Eyes of Nye, a science show aimed at an older audience, and the Planet Green Network's Stuff Happens program. He also hosted the 100 Greatest Discoveries show, and appears in videos for several attractions at Walt Disney World and Epcot, including one with Ellen DeGeneres. Additionally, Nye has played a science teacher in a Disney movie and on the television crime drama Numb3rs. He has been a guest in segments of several other shows, including The Weather Channel and Who Wants to Be a Millionaire. Nye also appeared on Larry King Live several times to talk about global warming  a favorite subject of his  and space exploration. In 2013 Nye took on a different type of television role. He joined the cast of celebrity contestants on the popular competition Dancing with the Stars. In addition to his acting and guest appearances, Nye has written several children's books about science. In 2015 he published Unstoppable: Harnessing Science to Change the World. 'Bill Nye Saves the World' In 2017 Nye teamed up with Netflix and launched his own show, Bill Nye Saves the World, which explores science topics that affect people's everyday lives, inviting celebrity guest speakers as well as experts to join in on the discussions. <N> How Dolph Lundgren Went From Chemical Engineer To Action Star Enlarge this image toggle caption United Artists/Getty Images United Artists/Getty Images As part of a series called "My Big Break," All Things Considered is collecting stories of triumph, big and small. These are the moments when everything seems to click, and people leap forward into their careers. Before he was Ivan Drago, He-Man or an "Expendable," Dolph Lundgren was just another 6-foot-5-inch Swedish male model with a black belt in karate and a degree in chemical engineering. As even a brief reading of his biography might suggest, Lundgren, 56, has taken an unexpected, winding path to success. But it all started with his starring role in Rocky IV, as the menacing Soviet boxer Ivan Drago. As he tells NPR's Arun Rath, it was the role that changed his life. And he wouldn't have gotten to that silver-screen spotlight if he hadn't taken a gig as a bouncer  and stumbled upon romance. Enlarge this image toggle caption Frazer Harrison/Getty Images Frazer Harrison/Getty Images A Childhood In Sweden, And Dreams Of America The movie star "Dolph" Lundgren was actually born Hans Lundgren. (He took on the name Dolph, a relative's name from his mother's side of the family, with the release of the Rocky film in 1985.) He grew up largely in and around Stockholm, and excelled in school from an early age. "I had some allergies when I was younger," Lundgren says, and, as a result, "I wasn't very good at sports. So my kind of way to feel like I was somebody was to answer all the questions the teacher asked." From early on, Lundgren also dreamed of going to the United States, but, he says, his family couldn't afford to send him: "So the way to get there for me was to get academic scholarships." Lundgren's aptitude for chemical engineering propelled him to scholarships around the world. There was Washington State University, Clemson University, Sweden's Royal Institute of Technology, the University of Sydney in Australia and, ultimately, a competitive Fulbright scholarship to attend MIT. But that was all before Lundgren met Grace Jones. A Taste Of Show Business While in Australia, Lundgren, then a competitive martial artist, got a job as a bouncer through a friend of a friend. That meant he provided security at concerts for artists like Joan Armatrading, Dr. Hook and Grace Jones. "I was assigned to [Jones'] dressing room," Lundgren recalls. "I think she spotted me out there. And I was just a Swedish kid, I didn't know anything. And I think she kind of liked me." A night of partying after Jones' show led to a four-year romance and a major course correction on Lundgren's trajectory toward MIT. "She changed it big time," Lundgren says. Jones  who was famous not just for her music, but also for her acting and modeling  took Lundgren to New York, where they partied at the legendary Studio 54 and Andy Warhol took pictures of Lundgren. Jones introduced Lundgren to the world of show business. Meanwhile, Lundgren was still set to begin his Fulbright scholarship at MIT. "I started sort of thinking, 'Wow, this is kind of cool,' " Lundgren remembers: " 'I don't know if I want to go back to engineering after this.' " Enlarge this image toggle caption Associated Press Associated Press A Short-Lived Scholarship Lundgren remembers making the trip from New York down to MIT's campus in Cambridge, Mass., riding on a big, black Yamaha motorcycle with Grace Jones behind him. "The professors are waiting for the star student from Sweden," Lundgren says, "and then they see me ride past outside the window with Grace Jones in the back, all decked out in leather. They probably didn't know what was going on." After his exposure to show business and the arts, it took only a few weeks for Lundgren to rethink his academic goals, quit the program and return to New York. "I just knew it wasn't right," he says. Instead of studying engineering, he started studying acting. Becoming The 'Siberian Bull' The movie role that changed Lundgren's life almost went to someone else. When the then-unknown actor went to a "cattle call" audition for Sylvester Stallone's Rocky IV, a casting agent dismissed Lundgren as "too tall." But given his own aptitude for martial arts and his love for the film series, he says, he couldn't miss the opportunity for a role in the franchise. So he took photos of himself in boxing gear, and sent them through a series of connections to Stallone. It happened in like 90 minutes. I went from a total nobody, basically, to Dolph Lundgren, movie star. Eventually, while back in Sweden, Lundgren got the call to meet with Stallone in Los Angeles. After meeting Stallone, training for months and going through a screen test, Lundgren landed the role as the villain in Rocky IV, the towering Soviet boxer Ivan Drago. Lundgren remembers the premiere of the film in November 1985 as a pivotal moment in his career. He walked down the red carpet with Grace Jones, still his girlfriend at the time, and "everybody's taking pictures of her," he says, "and I'm kind of there like her boy toy." But after the audience watched the film, Lundgren says, everything changed. "I remember coming out onto the street, and suddenly people are taking pictures of me, and not Grace," he says. "It happened in like 90 minutes. I went from a total nobody, basically, to Dolph Lundgren, movie star." <N> Hans Dolph Lundgren was born and raised in an academic middle-class family in Stockholm, Sweden. Despite an early interest in rock n' roll drumming and clowning around in high school comedies, Dolph decided to follow in his father's more cerebral footsteps and pursue an engineering degree. Dolph went through some hard times during his teenage years when Dolph's father, his precious career losing steam -- started taking out his frustration on his wife and oldest son. Both verbally and more so: physically. Dolph feels that the physical abuse he suffered at the hands of his father later motivated him to pursue both contact sports and the dramatic arts. 'I still love my father, no matter what happened. There are many things about him I still admire. As a child, I was probably too much like him, very stubborn -- perhaps that's what he couldn't deal with', Dolph says. After having served in the Swedish Marine Corps for two years, Lundgren enrolled in the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm, studying the same subject as his older brother: Chemical Engineering. Dolph was still trying to prove something to his dad. It was as a late teenager that Dolph first came in contact with the martial arts. An insecure and allergic younger child, Dolph enjoyed this opportunity to work out and getting stronger, proving that he could stand up to other athletic kids. 'I wanted to feel that I was somebody who could accomplish something on my own -- that I wasn't a loser like my dad used to tell me during his tirades', Dolph says. 'It is a known fact that boys with a troubled father-son relationship are drawn to physically challenging contact sports, like boxing, wrestling and karate. That was definitely me.' After spending five years training harder than anybody else in the dojo, Dolph Lundgren was a world-class competitor in Japanese full-contact karate. He was also getting deeper involved with a samurai philosophy of life that since has become an important part of his persona  both on and off-screen. After graduating high school a straight-A student, Dolph spent considerable time in the United States on various academic scholarships. He attended both Washington State University and Clemson University, studying Chemistry. 'My dad always told me that if I wanted to make something special with my life, I had to go to America', Dolph remembers. 'He said that in Europe, a man was usually stuck in his social position and didn't have the opportunity to advance. He was right.' In the early eighties, Dolph graduated from The Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm and completed his Master's Degree in Chemical Engineering on an exchange program with the University of Sydney in Australia. Graduating at the head of his class, Dolph was then awarded a Fulbright scholarship to the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston, one of the world's top engineering schools. He was finally on his way to America. A Fulbright scholar Dolph could now finally consider himself a 'success' with a bright future, perhaps as the CEO of some large corporation -- but somehow the academic world could not make him fully satisfied. He was soon to stumble on a profession that would. In the words of writer David Mamet: 'Nobody with a happy childhood ever went into show business...' While preparing to move to Boston, the 25-year old PhD student met his definite physical match: exotic singer Grace Jones. The blonde Swede and the dark beauty fell in love and he decided to move in with her in New York City. Dolph took up modeling at the famous Zoli Agency to make some extra cash. 'A bit too tall and muscular for a model's size 40', Dolph also started working as a doorman at 'The Limelight', an infamous nightspot in Manhattan where one of his fellow 'bouncers' was Chazz Palmitieri  soon to find his own fame in Hollywood Dolph was to begin at MIT a few months later. A friend's gave him some advice: 'Hey man, you sure look like you should be in the movies...and you can kick ass'. Dolph listened and started studying drama at the Warren Robertson Theatre Workshop in Manhattan, not knowing how quickly his life was about to change. 'My time in New York City opened up my adolescent Swedish eyes to a multitude of different people and lifestyles, mostly in the arts. I hung out with Andy Warhol, Keith Haring, Iman and Steve Rubell, danced at Studio 54 and studied acting with Andy McDowell and Tom Hulce.' Mostly based on his Scandinavian looks, within a year Dolph had received numerous film offers. His motion picture debut came in the James Bond feature A VIEW TO A KILL in 1985. 'I'm on screen for no more than ten seconds, if you blink you miss me...'. However, it was Dolph's memorable performance in ROCKY IV later that year that definitely got him noticed worldwide. After a nine- month audition process among 5,000 hopefuls, Dolph was chosen by writer-director Sylvester Stallone to be his fearsome Soviet opponent in the ring, Captain Ivan Drago. Getting ready for the ROCKY IV Premiere, a still innocent twenty-something Lundgren moved to Los Angeles. 'I walked in to a Westwood movie theater as Grace Jones' boyfriend and walked out ninety minutes later as the movie star Dolph Lundgren. I was shell-shocked for years from the mind-boggling and daunting experience of being a student-athlete from tiny Sweden suddenly having to live up a new action-star persona', he remembers. Despite many hardships, including breaking up with Grace, Dolph dug in and managed to build a solid career as an international action-hero and has since starred in more than thirty-five feature films. 'I was certainly thrown it at the deep end. Sometimes I feel it would have been better working as a waiter for a few years doing bit part and getting my feet wet at a more human pace', Dolph ponders. That wasn't in the stars for the big Swede. In the eighties and nineties, Lundgren played the classic action lead in such films as MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE, SHOWDOWN IN LITTLE TOKYO co-starring the late Brandon Lee and BLACKJACK by Hong-Kong action legend John Woo. In the 90's Lundgren also turned in some memorable performances as the main villain to other action stars, most notably in UNIVERSAL SOLDIER opposite Jean Claude Van Damme, directed by Roland Emmerich and "JOHNNY MNEMONIC opposite a young Keanu Reeves. Throughout the years, Dolph has always stayed close to the martial arts: 'Karate and physical fitness have kept me reasonably sane in a very tough and sometimes insane business'. In 1997, after a three hours grueling technical examination and twenty consecutive full-contact karate bouts without rest, Dolph was awarded his Third Degree black belt by the World Karate Organization in Tokyo. 'My instructor told me to hire a video-crew and film it because, as he put it: you'll never do this again! Watching the footage years later I understand what he meant...' Dolph's previous martial arts accomplishments include being the captain of the Swedish National Karate Team and the individual champion of the Swedish, European and Australian Heavyweight Full Contact Divisions. 'Having said all that, I'm currently training hard to take my Fourth Degree examination and perform a Karate exhibition at the World Karate Championships in 2011. I tell you, it's not getting any easier.', Dolph confesses. In addition to his Karate expertise, Dolph was selected by the U.S. Olympic Committee to serve as the Team Leader of the U.S. Olympic Pentathlon Team during the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. 'I starred in a film called PENTATHLON and worked closely with two US Olympic team members who really got me interested in the sport. I later got involved in trying to raise the sport's profile and to prevent one of the original disciplines from year 1896 to be dropped from the games all together'. Both Sweden and the United States have a colorful history in Pentathlon with a young Lieutenant George Patton placing fifth in the 1912 Stockholm Games. Dolph sums up his Olympic experience: 'Entering the Atlanta Stadium at night -- next to my fellow US team members and ten thousand other athletes was one of the proudest and most humbling experiences of my life'. While staying extremely busy in Hollywood, Dolph has also managed to raise a family. Dolph and his wife Anette, who he met in New York and to whom he's been married for fifteen years have two daughters, Ida (14) and Greta (8). The Lundgren family has lived in places as diverse as Los Angeles, New York, London and now recently in Marbella, Spain where Dolph's kids attend a British International school. 'We've decided to live away from Hollywood even if it may have had some negative influences on Dolph's career. Giving our children a more normal upbringing is much more important to us', his wife Anette says. Anette is the person who gave Dolph the support to finally move behind the camera and become a director six years ago. Dolph was working on the screenplay with the director and one of the producers of a film. A week prior to principal photography the director suddenly fell very ill. 'He recommended for me to take over the picture', Dolph remembers. 'I was a bit stunned, so I asked my wife for her opinion. 'Go ahead and do it or you'll always regret not taking the opportunity'. Dolph took her advice and 'didn't sleep for a month', but he made the right decision. Since then, Dolph has directed five feature films. His production company Thor Pictures is currently developing several projects, which he will produce, star and direct. His two latest projects are -- a feature he co-wrote and directed, COMMAND PERFORMANCE produced by Avi Lerner and Nu Image Films  and ICARUS, a neo-noir thriller, shot in Vancouver, BC. 'It takes a while to learn the ropes as a director-- especially since I don't have any formal film school training. My experience in front of the camera does give me a certain edge in my favorite part of directing: working with the actors', Dolph says. Dolph is also a founding member of 'Group of Eight' an off-Broadway theatre group started in 1994. In 2009 Dolph co-starred with fellow action star Jean-Claude Van Damme in UNIVERSAL SOLDIER REGENERATION, a sequel to the film that paired the two European actors back in the 90's. This summer, Dolph will appear on the big screen in THE EXPENDABLES -- a modern day DIRTY DOZEN action extravaganza written and directed by Sylvester Stallone. ' It's been terrific to work with Sly again and he has created very colorful character for me', says Lundgren. My role isn't the biggest in the picture, but proved to be a real challenge since Sly wanted my character to be very funny. I'm gonna make you the first Swedish comedian, he said!'. Dolph co-stars with Sly Stallone, Jason Statham, Jet Lee, Mickey Rourke and Randy Couture with cameos by Bruce Willis and Arnold Schwartzenegger in a mid-August release. Some day Dolph hopes to direct a period piece set in Sweden, 'I have a script I'm trying to get made that's one of my dream projects...', he says. 'I'd love to do something that's closer to my home country. When I appeared as a host of a Swedish TV-show early this year, the reception my countrymen gave me was fantastic. When I saw my kids who haven't spent that much time in Sweden, sitting in the audience savoring the moment -- it made me feel like all those years of struggle actually paid off!' Dolph is generally very pleased and excited about his newfound directing career: 'As a director I feel there's a way to deliver on the expectations and still give the audience more than they bargained for on an emotional level. That's exactly what Clint Eastwood has done for yearshe is one of my big role models. A man who went from television cowboy to one of the world's most respected actors and directors.' 'I'm just a bit younger than Mr. Eastwood so there's still time. As long as I keep working, learning and going to the gym...' Shortly after ROCKY IV, Dolph Lundgren released his workout video, MAXIMUM POTENTIAL. After more than 25 years in show business, he is now finally working on his favorite project: fitness! Dolph is currently writing a fitness book for men and also developing a DVD workout series, personal training seminars, a personalized organic brand of vitamins and supplements, as well as a men's skin care product line. For the past thirty years Dolph has stayed in great shape, both as an athlete and as an action star. 'My friends and fans have always been asking me for advice on training and nutrition, so I decided to put my own personal fitness regime down in writing', he explains. 'I guess the older I get still looking good -- the better the advertising for my products!' As Hollywood legend James Stewart once put it: It's not how good you are, it's how long you last...' Dolph sums up his first twenty-five years in Hollywood: 'I've just tried to play my own game and treat everybody with respect. No matter who they are. That is something I'm proud of and I feel it will always pay off'. Dolph Lundgren is married to Anette Qviberg-Lundgren, an interior decorator and fashion stylist. The couple and their two daughters currently reside in London, England and Marbella, Spain. /DL  July, 2010 <N> Via GlobalResearch This article was first published by GR in June 2013 the author of which is the truthnewsinternational blogsite. In January 29, 2013, Britains most popular Daily Newspaper, in its online version Dailymail.co.uk published an article titled: U.S. backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria and blame it on Assads regime A few days later they pulled the article. What the reason was for the deletion remains unclear. The article was published at this URL: _LINKS_ There exists a cached version of the article which can be found here: _LINKS_ See scan of complete deleted article below One day later, on January 30, a moderated news board thread was created, which is still online, at Mail Online about that article. Thread: Syrian WMD False Flag  Are False Flags a way of life now? In their initial article Mail Online refers to an Infowars.com article (dated January 28, 2013), thats where they probably found the information on the leaked e-mail and other documents. CapitalBay (who published the wrong areal pictures of the school in Sandy Hook), Mail Online, Infowars, Yahoo News India, News Track India, Whale.to, Philippine Times, Uganda News, LiveLeak, Truth Media TV and others all claim in their mirrored articles that the alleged e-mail from Britams David Goulding to Philip Doughty was dated December 25, 2012. However, at Neftegaz.ru (translated with Google) there also exists another version of the alleged e-mail. There the e-mail is dated December 24, 2012. Whether the content of the alleged e-mail is correct, thats open for debate. Fact is that PressTV has an article online which supports the claims in the alleged e-mail. And RTs article from last year (June 10, 2012) still claims that Syrian rebels aim to use chemical weapons, to then blame Assad for it. Those weapons came from Libya, according to RT. This begs the question: Did Christopher Stevens know about those weapons when he died in the CIA villa in Benghazi last year? But why was the article pulled by Mail Online? Why do there exist at least 2 versions of the same alleged e-mail? And what about Britam admitting that they were hacked, according to Ruvr.co.uk (The Voice of Russia)? But theres also this, according to Mail Online it was a Malaysian hacker who got to the alleged e-mail(s), while Infowars claims that the e-mail was obtained by a hacker in Germany. Either way, whoever initiated the Britam e-mail escapade did a good job at fooling both mainstream and alternative news outlets because its a real mess and few know what really happened and why. Yet its ironic that Mail Online did not delete their other article where they wrote about the UNs Carla Del Ponte who claims that Syrian rebels are responsible for sarin gas attacks, which had been blamed on Assads troops. The same rebels who now receive resources from the EU and the U.S., since the EU is buying oil from those rebels and the US is arming them for a proxy war as the Washington Post describes it. Earlier it was reported that Israel had granted oil exploration rights inside Syria, in the occupied Golan Heights, to Genie Energy whos shareholders include Rupert Murdoch and Lord Jacob Rothschild. See _LINKS_ <N> U.S. 'backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria and blame it on Assad's regime' Leaked emails from defense contractor refers to chemical weapons saying 't he idea is approved by Washington' Obama issued warning to Syrian president Bashar al-Assad last month that use of chemical warfare was 'totally unacceptable' PUBLISHED: 14:16 EST, 29 January 2013 | UPDATED: 18:17 EST, 29 January 2013 Leaked emails have allegedly proved that the White House gave the green light to a chemical weapons attack in Syria that could be blamed on Assad's regime and in turn, spur international military action in the devastated country. A report released on Monday contains an email exchange between two senior officials at British-based contractor Britam Defence where a scheme 'approved by Washington' is outlined explaining that Qatar would fund rebel forces in Syria to use chemical weapons. Barack Obama made it clear to Syrian president Bashar al-Assad last month that the U.S. would not tolerate Syria using chemical weapons against its own people. Scroll down for video War games: An explosion in the Syrian city of Homs last month. It has been now been suggested that the U.S. backed the use of chemical weapons to spur international military intervention According to Infowars.com , the December 25 email was sent from Britam's Business Development Director David Goulding to company founder Philip Doughty. It reads: 'Phil... Weve got a new offer. Its about Syria again. Qataris propose an attractive deal and swear that the idea is approved by Washington. 'Well have to deliver a CW to Homs, a Soviet origin g-shell from Libya similar to those that Assad should have. 'They want us to deploy our Ukrainian personnel that should speak Russian and make a video record. 'Frankly, I dont think its a good idea but the sums proposed are enormous. Your opinion? 'Kind regards, David.' Britam Defence had not yet returned a request for comment to MailOnline. Enlarge Leaked: The email was allegedly sent from a top official at a British defense contractor regarding a 'Washington approved' chemical attack in Syria which could be blamed on Assad's regime The emails were released by a Malaysian hacker who also obtained senior executives resums and copies of passports via an unprotected company server, according to Cyber War News . Dave Goulding's Linkedin profile lists him as Business Development Director at Britam Defence Ltd in Security and Investigations. A business networking profile for Phil Doughty lists him as Chief Operationg Officer for Britam, United Arab Emirates, Security and Investigations. The U.S. State Department had not returned a request for comment on the alleged emails to MailOnline today at time of publication. However the use of chemical warfare was raised at a press briefing in D.C. on January 28. A spokesman said that the U.S. joined the international community in 'setting common redlines about the consequences of using chemical weapons'. Countless losses: Families attempt to identify the bodies of Syrian fighters shot and dumped in a river in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo today Devastation: People gather at a site hit by what activists said was missiles fired by a Syrian Air Force fighter jet from forces loyal to Assad, at the souk of Azaz, north of Aleppo on January 13 A leaked U.S. government cable revealed that the Syrian army more than likely had used chemical weapons during an attack in the city of Homs in December. The document, revealed in The Cable , revealed the findings of an investigation by Scott Frederic Kilner, the U.S. consul general in Istanbul, into accusations that the Syrian army used chemical weapons in the December 23 attack. An Obama administration official who had access to the document was reported as saying: 'We can't definitely say 100 per cent, but Syrian contacts made a compelling case that Agent 15 was used in Homs on Dec. 23.' Mr Kilner's investigation included interviews with civilians, doctors, and rebels present during the attack, as well as the former general and head of the Syrian WMD program, Mustafa al-Sheikh. Dr. Nashwan Abu Abdo, a neurologist in Homs, is certain chemical weapons were used. He told The Cable: 'It was a chemical weapon, we are sure of that, because tear gas can't cause the death of people.' Threats: Barack Obama said during a speech last month that if Syria used chemical weapons against its own people it would be 'totally unacceptable' Tyrant: Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad, pictured with his wife Asma, is facing increasing international pressure over his brutal massacre of his own people Eye witness accounts from the investigation revealed that a tank launched chemical weapons and caused people exposed to them to suffer nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, delirium, seizures, and respiratory distress. The symptoms suggest that the weaponized compound Agent-15 was responsible. Syria denied using chemical weapons and said it would never use them against citizens. Speaking to Pentagon reporters at the time, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said his biggest concern was how the U.S. and allies would secure the chemical and biological weapons sites scattered across Syria and ensure the components don't end up in the wrong hands if the regime falls, particularly under violent conditions. Government forces and rebels in Syria have both been accused by human rights groups of carrying out brutal warfare in the 22-month-old conflict, which has claimed more than 60,000 lives. <N> At a Tuesday press conference, Russian President Vladimir Putin claimed last weeks chemical weapons attack in the Idlib province of Syria was a false flag  a phony operation staged by enemies of Russia and Syria to discredit them. He said more such false flag operations were on the way. We have reports from multiple sources that false flags like this one  and I cannot call it otherwise  are being prepared in other parts of Syria, including the southern suburbs of Damascus. They plan to plant some chemical there and accuse the Syrian government of an attack, said Putin, as reported by Russias RT.com. President Mattarella and I discussed it, and I told him that this reminds me strongly of the events in 2003, when the US representatives demonstrated at the UN Security Council session the presumed chemical weapons found in Iraq, Putin continued, referring to Italian President Sergio Mattarella, who appeared with him at the press conference in Moscow. The military campaign was subsequently launched in Iraq and it ended with the devastation of the country, the growth of the terrorist threat and the appearance of Islamic State [IS, formerly ISIS] on the world stage, Putin declared. According to RT.com, the Russian General Staff has prepared a report that claims militants among the Syrian rebellion are transporting toxic agents into several parts of Syria. These actions are aimed at creating a new pretext for accusing the government of Syria of more chemical weapons attacks and provoking more strikes by the US, said Colonel-General Sergey Rudskoy, head of operations for the General Staff. The Associated Press reports that Russias General Staff has expressed a willingness to allow international inspectors to examine the Sharyat airbase in Syria for traces of chemical weapons, and offered to provide military security for the inspectors. Putin said he would appeal to the United Nations to investigate the incident. The UK Independent reports that Putin more specifically accused the United States of planning to drop chemical weapons on Damascus and then blame the incident on Assad, although it does not provide a translation of the Russian presidents precise words to that effect. On Monday, Russia and Iran declared the United States crossed red lines by attacking Sharyat airbase, borrowing a phrase made infamous by former President Barack Obama. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has accused the Russians of either being complicit in the Syrian chemical weapons deployment, or incompetent for allowing it to happen. The Pentagon is investigating the possibility that Russia actually participated in the chemical weapons attack, and/or the bombing of a hospital where victims were receiving treatment afterward. <N> Britam Defence, David Goulding and Philip Doughty An article on 29 January reported allegations on the internet that the US Government had backed a plot to launch a chemicals weapons attack in Syria and blame it on the Assad regime. The reports made reference to an email said to have been from David Goulding, the Business Development Director of Britam Defence, to company founder, Philip Doughty. The email had been published on the internet after Britams computer system was illegally hacked in Singapore. It referred to a proposal that Britam would deliver chemical weapons to Syria for enormous financial reward and suggested that the directors were willing to consider the illegal proposal. We now accept that email was fabricated and acknowledge there is no truth in any suggestion that Britam or its directors were willing to consider taking part in such a plot, which may have led to an atrocity. We apologise to each of them and have agreed to pay substantial damages. <N> EXCLUSIVE: Paul Giamatti and Jeff Daniels are joining Paul Rudd and Guy Pearce in Catcher Was A Spy, the Ben Lewin-directed and Robert Rodat-scripted drama that begins filming Monday in Prague, with shooting also in Boston. The film is fully financed and produced by PalmStar Media with PalmStars financial partner Windy Hill Pictures. Its a PalmStar and Animus Films production, with Palmstars Kevin Frakes producing with Windy Hills Buddy Patrick, Jim Young, Tatiana Kelly and Michael Bederman. Rudd plays Moe Berg, a professional baseball player, Ivy League graduate, and attorney who spoke nine languages. He played pro for 15 seasons, mostly as a backup catcher. But hes best known for being a top-secret spy for the OSS who helped the U.S. win the race against Germany to build the atomic bomb. The film focuses on Bergs most important mission: infiltrating the circle of Werner Heisenberg, the enigmatic lead scientist for the Nazi atomic program. Bergs efforts were overseen by the Father of Central Intelligence, O.S.S. Chief Wild Bill Donovan (Daniels), and he was also assisted by military specialist Furman (Pearce) and renowned physicist, Goudsmit (Giamatti). Windy Hill Pictures is coming off Hacksaw Ridge, Collateral Beauty, Sing Street and Lee Daniels The Butler; PalmStar is coming off the M. Night Shyamalan hit Split, Sing Street, and John Wick: Chapter 2, which opens Friday. PalmStar and Windy Hill recently acquired the classic Paulo Coelho novel The Alchemist, which it is developing at TriStar. Giamatti is represented by UTA and Kipperman Management; Daniels by ICM Partners. UTA Independent Film Group packaged it and is repping with PalmStar. <N> The Nobel Prize in Physics 1932 Werner Heisenberg Share this: Werner Heisenberg - Biographical Werner Heisenberg was born on 5th December, 1901, at Wrzburg. He was the son of Dr. August Heisenberg and his wife Annie Wecklein. His father later became Professor of the Middle and Modern Greek languages in the University of Munich. It was probably due to his influence that Heisenberg remarked, when the Japanese physicist Yukawa discovered the particle now known as the meson and the term "mesotron" was proposed for it, that the Greek word "mesos" has no "tr" in it, with the result that the name "mesotron" was changed to "meson". Heisenberg went to the Maximilian school at Munich until 1920, when he went to the University of Munich to study physics under Sommerfeld, Wien, Pringsheim, and Rosenthal. During the winter of 1922-1923 he went to Gttingen to study physics under Max Born, Franck, and Hilbert. In 1923 he took his Ph.D. at the University of Munich and then became Assistant to Max Born at the University of Gttingen, and in 1924 he gained the venia legendi at that University. From 1924 until 1925 he worked, with a Rockefeller Grant, with Niels Bohr, at the University of Copenhagen, returning for the summer of 1925 to Gttingen. In 1926 he was appointed Lecturer in Theoretical Physics at the University of Copenhagen under Niels Bohr and in 1927, when he was only 26, he was appointed Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Leipzig. In 1929 he went on a lecture tour to the United States, Japan, and India. In 1941 he was appointed Professor of Physics at the University of Berlin and Director of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics there. At the end of the Second World War he, and other German physicists, were taken prisoner by American troops and sent to England, but in 1946 he returned to Germany and reorganized, with his colleagues, the Institute for Physics at Gttingen. This Institute was, in 1948, renamed the Max Planck Institute for Physics. In 1948 Heisenberg stayed for some months in Cambridge, England, to give lectures, and in 1950 and 1954 he was invited to lecture in the United States. In the winter of 1955-1956 he gave the Gifford Lectures at the University of St. Andrews, Scotland, these lectures being subsequently published as a book. During 1955 Heisenberg was occupied with preparations for the removal of the Max Planck Institute for Physics to Munich. Still Director of this Institute, he went with it to Munich and in 1958 he was appointed Professor of Physics in the University of Munich. His Institute was then being renamed the Max Planck Institute for Physics and Astrophysics. Heisenberg's name will always be associated with his theory of quantum mechanics, published in 1925, when he was only 23 years old. For this theory and the applications of it which resulted especially in the discovery of allotropic forms of hydrogen, Heisenberg was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physics for 1932. His new theory was based only on what can be observed, that is to say, on the radiation emitted by the atom. We cannot, he said, always assign to an electron a position in space at a given time, nor follow it in its orbit, so that we cannot assume that the planetary orbits postulated by Niels Bohr actually exist. Mechanical quantities, such as position, velocity, etc. should be represented, not by ordinary numbers, but by abstract mathematical structures called "matrices" and he formulated his new theory in terms of matrix equations. Later Heisenberg stated his famous principle of uncertainty, which lays it down that the determination of the position and momentum of a mobile particle necessarily contains errors the product of which cannot be less than the quantum constant h and that, although these errors are negligible on the human scale, they cannot be ignored in studies of the atom. From 1957 onwards Heisenberg was interested in work on problems of plasma physics and thermonuclear processes, and also much work in close collaboration with the International Institute of Atomic Physics at Geneva. He was for several years Chairman of the Scientific Policy Committee of this Institute and subsequently remained a member of this Committee. When he became, in 1953, President of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation, he did much to further the policy of this Foundation, which was to invite scientists from other countries to Germany and to help them to work there. Since 1953 his own theoretical work was concentrated on the unified field theory of elementary particles which seems to him to be the key to an understanding of the physics of elementary particles. Apart from many medals and prizes, Heisenberg received an honorary doctorate of the University of Bruxelles, of the Technological University Karlsruhe, and recently (1964) of the University of Budapest; he is also recipient of the Order of Merit of Bavaria, and the Grand Cross for Federal Services with Star (Germany). He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of London and a Knight of the Order of Merit (Peace Class). He is a member of the Academies of Sciences of Gttingen, Bavaria, Saxony, Prussia, Sweden, Rumania, Norway, Spain, The Netherlands, Rome (Pontificial), the German Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina (Halle), the Accademia dei Lincei (Rome), and the American Academy of Sciences. During 1949-1951 he was President of the Deutsche Forschungsrat (German Research Council) and in 1953 he became President of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. One of his hobbies is classical music: he is a distinguished pianist. In 1937 Heisenberg married Elisabeth Schumacher. They have seven children, and live in Munich. From Nobel Lectures, Physics 1922-1941, Elsevier Publishing Company, Amsterdam, 1965 This autobiography/biography was written at the time of the award and first published in the book series Les Prix Nobel. It was later edited and republished in Nobel Lectures. To cite this document, always state the source as shown above. Werner Heisenberg died on February 1, 1976. Copyright  The Nobel Foundation 1932 Share this: To cite this page MLA style: "Werner Heisenberg - Biographical". Nobelprize.org. Nobel Media AB 2014. Web. 20 Jul 2018. <_LINKS_ Recommended: <N> Its baseball season. Fans are filling stadiums from coast to coast to watch Americas pastime. They hope to see their favorite player in action, relive childhood memories, and  perhaps  catch a fly ball. For well over a century, summer in America has been synonymous with baseball. The greats  Babe Ruth, Jackie Robinson, Willie Mays, and Joe DiMaggio (to name just a few)  have earned a place in history for their skill and for their dedication to the sport. But there is one  Morris Moe Berg  whose spot in American history comes not from baseball, but from espionage. He was a catcher who put his multitude of talents to work for his country as an intelligence officer. The Brainiest Man in Baseball Moe was born in New York City on March 2, 1902. He began playing baseball as a child, and while majoring in modern languages at Princeton University, he played shortstop on the school team. After graduating from college in 1923, Moe was signed by the Brooklyn Dodgers. He started his career as a first baseman and shortstop. But, Moe was a man of many skills (he spoke 12 languages), and baseball was by no means his only passion. Off the field, Moe studied French at the Sorbonne in Paris and then decided to attend Columbia University Law School. In 1926, Moe joined the Chicago White Sox, and changed positions from shortstop to catcher. When asked how he did it, Moe replied that they didnt call me the brainiest man in baseball for nothing. He received his law degree and was admitted to the New York State bar in 1928. He joined the law firm of Satterlee and Canfield and kept playing ball for the White Sox. Moe injured his right knee in 1930, which eventually limited his playing time. In 1931, Moe was traded to the Cleveland Indians, and then to the Washington Senators. The move to Washington would change his life. Joining a Different Kind of Team Being a baseball player with vast intellectual gifts, Moe was frequently invited to embassy dinners and parties. He impressed many with his exceptional language ability and quick wit. He soon became very well known around town and caught the attention of the Roosevelt administration. Moe played with the Senators until 1934; that year, he toured Japan with the American All-Star baseball team. While in Japan, the Japanese-speaking ball player filmed Tokyo Harbor, military installations, and other facilities for the US government. Moe Berg When he returned from Tokyo, Moe began playing with the Boston Red Sox. While with Boston, Moe played in the inaugural Baseball Hall of Fame game in 1939. He played and coached for the Boston Red Sox until his retirement in 1942. Shortly afterward, Moe toured Latin America with the Office of Inter-American Affairs, an agency set up to counter Axis propaganda in Latin America. During this trip, Moe used his linguistic talents to meet government officials, journalists, and businessmen. In 1943, the Office of Strategic Services (OSS)  the forerunner of the CIA  recruited Moe into its ranks. Although he got off to a rocky start in the OSS, he was sent to Switzerland to collect intelligence on Germanys efforts to build an atomic bomb. He met German physicist Werner Heisenberg, who  during a lecture  let slip his belief that Germany would lose the war and that the Nazis were not close to developing the bomb. Moe provided the United States with incredibly helpful intelligence during World War II. Life After World War II Moe stayed with the OSS until it was dissolved in 1945. Afterward, he served on the staff of NATOs Advisory Group for Aeronautical Research and Development. Known as a man of mystery, Moe planned to write a book detailing his career as an intelligence officer. He never wrote the book, and many of his secrets will never be known. Before his death in 1972, he said, Maybe Im not in the Cooperstown Baseball Hall of Fame like so many of my baseball buddies, but Im happy I had the chance to play pro ball and am especially proud of my contributions to my country. Perhaps I couldnt hit like Babe Ruth, but I spoke more languages than he did. <N> The Jewish Baseball Catcher that Caught the Nazis by Surprise Courtesy of Robert Drynan (Author Unknown) When baseball greats Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig went on tour in baseball-crazy Japan in 1934, some fans wondered why a third-string catcher named Moe Berg was included in the troupe. The answer was simple: Berg was an American spy. Speaking fifteen languages - including Japanese - Moe Berg had two loves: baseball and spying. In Tokyo, garbed in a kimono, Berg took flowers to the daughter of an American diplomat being treated in St. Lukes Hospitalthe tallest building in the Japanese capital. He never delivered the flowers. The ball-player ascended to the hospital roof and photographed the harbor, military installations, railway yards, etc. Eight years later, Colonel Jimmy Doolittle carefully studied Bergs photos in planning his spectacular raid, later characterized as Thirty Seconds over Tokyo. Bergs father, Bernard Berg, a pharmacist in Newark, New Jersey, taught his son Hebrew and Yiddish. Moe, against his wishes, began playing baseball on the street at age four. His father disapproved and never once watched his son play. In Barringer High School, Moe learned Latin, Greek and French. He graduated magna cum laude from Princeton, having added Spanish, Italian, German and Sanskrit to his linguistic quiver. During further studies at the Sorbonne in Paris, and Columbia Law School, he picked up Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Indian, Arabic, Portuguese and Hungarian, plus some regional dialects. During World War II, he parachuted into Yugoslavia to assess the value to the war effort of the two groups of partisans there. He reported back that Marshall Titos forces were widely supported by the people and Winston Churchill ordered all-out support for the Yugoslav underground fighter, rather than Mihajlovics Serbians. The parachute jump at age 41 undoubtedly was a challenge. But there was more to come in that same year. Berg penetrated German-held Norway, met with members of the underground and located a secret heavy water plantpart of the Nazis effort to build an atomic bomb. His information guided the Royal Air Force in a bombing raid that destroyed the Norwegian heavy water plant. There still remained the question of how far the Nazis had progressed in the race to build the first atomic bomb. If the Nazis were successful, they would win the war. Berg (under the code name Remus) was sent to Switzerland to hear leading German physicist Werner Heisenberg, a Nobel Laureate, give a lecture and determine if the Nazis were close to building an A-bomb. Moe managed to slip past the SS guards at the auditorium, posing as a Swiss graduate student. He carried in his pocket a pistol and a cyanide pill. If Heisenberg intimated that the Nazis were close to building a weapon, Berg was to shoot himand then swallow the cyanide pill. Moe, sitting in the front row, determined that the Germans were nowhere near their goal, so he complimented the physicist on his speech and walked him back to his hotel. Moe Bergs report was distributed to Britains Prime Minister, Winston Churchill, President Franklin D. Roosevelt and key figures in the team developing the Atomic Bomb. Roosevelt responded by sending an encoded message to Churchill: Give my highest regards to the catcher. Most of Germanys leading physicists were Jewish and had fled the Nazis, mainly to Britain and the United States. After the war, Moe Berg was awarded the Medal of Merit, Americas highest honor for a civilian in wartime. But Berg refused to accept, as he couldnt tell people about his exploits. Perhaps one of the most intellectual men to have ever played professional baseball, Berg was often asked why he has squandered his mental capacities on an athletic career, to which he always answered: Id rather be a ball player than a justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. After his death in 1972, his sister accepted the Medal of Merit, which today hangs in the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, N.Y. <N> Berg - Moe Berg Ballplayer Exchanged His Pinstripes And Bat For A Cloak And Dagger To Become The Jewish 007 The grillman at the Northwest Side diner had a standard response if one of us mocked his hero by swinging a soda straw to burlesque a batter's warmup swings. McLEAN, Va.  The greasy spoon of my youth was decorated with a faded baseball card depicting Moe Berg, a third-string catcher who bounced around the major leagues in the 1920s and '30s. "He's Jewish," the cook would insist, as if to say that group loyalty ought to outweigh a .243 lifetime batting average. To reinforce that early example of multicultural education, he'd take a cut or two of his own, waving a spatula under the offender's nose. It was a lesson I didn't need; Moe had always been my hero. His picture simply had a mesmerizing force that puzzled me until a recent visit to the Central Intelligence Agency, whose fortress-like compound is in this Washington suburb. "Sir, may I ask you to put these on?" said Linda McCarthy, a CIA archivist. She handed me a pair of sheer muslin gloves, the kind curators don before straightening a masterpiece on a museum's walls. She drew out of its protective case a bat Berg had used in 1939, his last season as a player, handing it across her desk. "Go ahead, sir," she said. "Have a swing, compliments of the U.S. government." I got to take that swing with Moe Berg's bat because a recent book brought his name to mind, four decades after first encountering his picture in a teenage hangout in Chicago. In "Heisenberg's War" (Knopf), historian Thomas Powers reveals that Berg went into Nazi-occupied Europe during World War II as an American spy authorized to kill Werner Heisenberg, Germany's top physicist, if he found that Heisenberg was developing an atomic bomb. My heart leaped with ethnic pride to think that after 15 years in the big leagues, Berg had gone on to become the Jewish James Bond. Then came the reviews, some of which pooh-poohed the Berg-Heisenberg caper as the stuff of grade-B movies. Would the U.S. really put its atomic future in the hands of a washed-up baseball player? critics asked. So did I, phoning the CIA, whose spokesman said to come by as soon as security clearance could be arranged. The agency had a staff member who knew the real Moe Berg story. "Sir," McCarthy began, "Mr. Berg was the slowest man in the American League, and the fastest spy in the European theater." She proceeded to rattle off Berg's statistics, in peace and war. Years ago, McCarthy found an old biography of Berg, who died in 1972, in the CIA's library. Since then he has never been far from her mind. Her own father, she explained, brought her up on baseball and stories of heroes and valiant deeds. She has devoted herself to filling in the missing pieces of Berg's career by tracking down clues from his CIA file, which has recently been declassified. She haunts auctions of sports memorabilia, using her own money to buy artifacts from Berg's baseball days for a display of espionage history the CIA maintains for visiting VIPs. <N> Filip Muller came to Auschwitz with one of the earliest transports from Slovakia in April 1942 and began working in the gassing installations and crematoria in May. He was still alive when the gassings ceased in November 1944. He saw millions come and disappear; by sheer luck he survived. Muller is neither a historian nor a psychologist; he is a source one of the few prisoners who saw the Jewish people die and lived to tell about it. Eyewitness Auschwitz is one of the key documents of the Holocaust. Published in association with the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. "A shattering, centrally important testimony." from the Foreword by Yehuda Bauer. "A very detailed description of day-to-day life, if we can call it that, in Hell s inmost circle...Having read other books of this kind, I had expected to read this one straight through. But no, Eyewitness Auschwitz is jammed with infernal information too terrible to be taken all at once." Terrence Des Pres, New Republic. "Riveting...It is a tale of unprecedented, incomparable horror. Profoundly, intensely painful; but it is essential reading." Jewish Press Features." <N> David Wisnia spent three years at Auschwitz, where, he says, only his singing voice saved him from death. The top of a tattooed number 6 is still visible on his left forearm. David Wisnia had the rest of "83526" removed by a plastic surgeon. It was a reminder of three dark years spent in the Auschwitz concentration camp, where he witnessed unimaginable horrors. Wisnia, 88, of Levittown, remembers collecting bodies of fellow prisoners who had tried to escape and were gunned down. He recalls his Nazi captors' orders to retrieve money and valuables from the clothes shed by countless people before they were shot or gassed. And he recollects the uprising of prisoners who attacked guards at Crematorium 4, believing they had nothing to lose because they were on their way to a gas chamber. What saved Wisnia, then 16, at Auschwitz-Birkenau in Nazi-occupied Poland was a strong singing voice. He used it to entertain the SS guards. That voice - honed as a boy in a Warsaw synagogue - will be heard again in the camp during ceremonies Jan. 27 marking the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. Wisnia, a cantor who has inspired listeners at Philadelphia-area synagogues, at a retirement home in Trenton, and at annual High Holy Days gatherings in Jackson, N.J., will sing a memorial to those who died at a camp site known as "death's door." He will be there at the invitation of the government of Poland, which is paying for his trip. Representatives of about 100 countries are expected to attend. He will also sing at a service Jan. 24 - accompanied on the piano by his grandson - at the Beit Polska synagogue in Warsaw. "Of course you never forget," said Wisnia, whose parents and two brothers were killed by the Nazis. "I managed to isolate what I saw and put it in the back of my mind. "I was in Auschwitz close to three years," he said. "There are very few who can boast that." Wisnia later escaped the Nazis and stumbled into the U.S. Army's 101st Airborne Division, soon becoming the unit's official interpreter. The old veterans still call him "Little Davy." "I started my new life with the 101st Airborne," said Wisnia, who will attend the unit's Feb. 4 reunion in Tampa, Fla., where he will sing the national anthem. "They were my family." With help from New Jersey educators Robin Black and Doug Cervi, Wisnia has been finishing his memoir, expected to be released this year. "We, as a world community, need to study [the Holocaust] a lot more than we're doing right now," said Cervi, an adjunct professor at Richard Stockton College in Galloway Township, where in the spring he will teach the impact of the genocide, which resulted in the deaths of about six million Jews. "If we don't learn lessons from this, night will fall again." Auschwitz was a network of Nazi concentration and extermination camps where historians estimate between 2.1 million and 4 million people died, the vast majority Jews. Only about 200,000 survived the Auschwitz camps, including 65,000 at Birkenau. Wisnia's introduction to life there came after family members were killed as they were being rounded up in December 1941 in the Warsaw ghetto. His 41-year-old carpenter father, 37-year-old mother, and 14-year-old brother were shot to death. His 19-year-old brother was later killed as he tried to escape the Treblinka extermination camp in Poland. But Wisnia survived and was transported to Auschwitz with about 1,500 others. He was one of about 570 young, able-bodied men who were selected as laborers. The rest - women, children, and elderly - were executed. Because of his fine singing voice and fluent German, Wisnia was chosen as the camp's entertainer. In addition to Polish, he spoke French, Hebrew, and Yiddish. "I sang in German for the cell-block leaders and entertained the SS in the main guard houses in Birkenau. It saved my life," said Wisnia, who later served as cantor at Temple Shalom synagogue in Levittown and Har Sinai synagogue in Trenton. "I got a cushy job after the first year," he said. "I sorted the clothes. I was supposed to look for money." Wisnia was sorting clothes on Oct. 23, 1943, when he witnessed the unthinkable - the deadly revolt at Crematorium 4. A group of prisoners, including the Polish Jewish dancer Franceska Mann, were taken into a room next to a gas chamber and ordered to strip. Mann apparently grabbed the roll-call officer's pistol, fatally wounding him in the stomach, according to some accounts. She also reportedly fired a shot that wounded an SS sergeant. A revolt by the other prisoners was broken up when guards mowed them down with machine guns. As the months passed and artillery began to sound in the distance, the Nazis began moving the prisoners in what Wisnia called the "death march." In December 1944, they walked to Gleiwitz, Poland, to board a train to the Dachau concentration camp in Germany. "That was a very bad sign for me," he said. "I survived so many years, and now the war was coming to an end. "Dachau was chaos personified," he said. Wisnia volunteered to help excavate bunkers to house the new German jet fighters and was being transported on a railcar when planes with white stars strafed them. He escaped when the train stopped. He hid in barns by day and walked toward the sound of the guns at night. "One fine morning, I heard the roar of tanks, and I prayed, 'Let there not be swastikas or black crosses on those tanks,' " Wisnia said. The tanks marked with white stars stopped, and he joined the ranks. Wisnia quickly learned English, became the unit's official interpreter, and was issued a uniform and gun. By 1946, he had come to the United States, settling first in New York and later Mount Airy, then Levittown. He married in 1948, had four children, and was vice president of sales for a New York publishing company until four years ago. He is cantor emeritus at Har Sinai synagogue in Pennington, N.J., and continues to serve at weddings, funerals, and other events. But memories of Auschwitz are never far from his mind. In 1956, he returned to the camp for the first time and etched his name on the wooden shelf where he once slept. In 2004, he began giving annual talks about his experiences to students at Oakcrest High School in Mays Landing. "You could have heard a feather drop," said Cervi, who was a history teacher there when Wisnia addressed a class of 25. The next year, Wisnia spoke to 400 in the auditorium. "The kids stood up and gave him a standing ovation," Cervi said. <N> Newsperson-Investigative Researcher Randy Herschaft, an award-winning 25-year veteran with The Associated Press, has spent over a decade digging up documents at the National Archives in College Park, Md., including for the Pulitzer Prize-winning team investigation into the massacre of civilians during the Korean War by U.S. troops. In over 20 visits to the archives, he has found documents that reveal the secrets of national security, including the use of Japanese and Nazi war criminals recruited by U.S. intelligence during the Cold War and the operations of the Pond, a super-secret spy organization that preceded the CIA. In 2007, he found a newly declassified CIA document that revealed that the Black September Palestinian terror group was responsible for the first political assassination of a foreign diplomat in the nations capital. He looks forward to posting declassified documents discovered from the archives on this website. <p>Follow him at twitter.com/HerschaftAP<p> <N> COLLEGE PARK, MD.  It was one of the most celebrated acts of resistance by a Jewish woman at the Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp: an actress stripped naked and about to be gassed pulled a gun from a notoriously brutal guard and shot him dead. A 33-year-old Polish timber merchant who was in charge of a filing system in his barracks told British intelligence about the womans act in a May 31, 1945 secret report, four months after the camp was liberated. To mark International Holocaust Remembrance Day on Jan. 27, we are posting here a copy of a rarely viewed 10-page report found in a U.S. Army intelligence file. The report was declassified in 2010. We obtained it during a visit to the U.S. National Archives in College Park, Md., as part of our ongoing effort at The Associated Press to mine the eight million secret records that have been declassified under the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act of 1998. The guard was identified in the document as SS Sergeant Josef Schillinger, who was named in a U.N. War Crimes Commission report. The basic facts in the story have been validated by other scholars. The Jewish woman has not been unequivocally identified, but different accounts have said she was Franceska Mann. However, it may never be known who she was since she was killed after the shooting. Click the image above to view the full report.  Randy Herschaft and Cristian Salazar, Jan. 21, 2012 <N> Film Dr. Robert Servatius walks into the virtually empty courtroom and sits down. He pulls a file folder out of his bag and talks with the person sitting next to him. Adolf Eichmann is brought into a booth. The translator steps up to a podium and guards motion for Eichmann to pull his seat forward. Various shots of Eichmann and Dr. Servatius are shown. A woman sits at a podium opposite the translator. 00:05:31 Everyone rises as the Judges walk in and sit down. Presiding Judge Moshe Landau opens the 7th Session of the trial and requests Attorney General Gideon Hausner to continue his Opening Speech. The Attorney General stands and tells the story of how Eichmann refused to allow a man to exit the country and join his wife who was a Swiss citizen. He says that throughout the trial, they will give many more examples to prove how Eichmann's one goal was the death of every Jew. He shares a few more accounts and states that Eichmann's attention to detail made it impossible "for any single Jew to slip through the net." The Attorney General tells of another instance where a woman requested that her husband be transferred to Germany. Eichmann delayed his response until he could say that her husband was no longer alive. 00:10:10 Eichmann was also involved in holding up passports for Jews that were to be sent to Auschwitz. He ordered that the German Post say "the letters were lost because of 'enemy action.' The letters should not be returned, and no compensation should be paid for their loss." The Attorney General continues sharing about how Eichmann responded to complaints about actions taken against Jews by saying that "the Jewish enemy" was merely trying to gain pity to "escape the fate he deserves." It is then stated that the so called enemy was "a defenseless civil population." A small portion of the proceedings are missing. 00:14:06 Footage resumes as Hausner describes the way German soldiers would openly discuss who was to be shot first and says that pictures will later be shown of some of the starving and terrified children. He adds that even as Germany was collapsing, Eichmann still wouldn't allow Jews to be handled in a more humanitarian way. The Attorney General shares that Eichmann was quoted having said "that he would gladly leap into his grave, after he had succeeded in exterminating five million Jews." It is then made clear that the murder of the Jewish people was not an act of war even though war was being waged at the time. Various close-ups of people in the audience are shown throughout his speech. 00:18:18 Extreme close-ups of a man's hand drawing caricatures are shown. Attorney General Hausner proves that not only was the extermination of Jews unrelated to the war at hand, but also did not benefit military operations. A few Jews, he explains, were saved from being killed because the German Army was in desperate need of labor. Additionally, when trains were in short supply for the war effort, they were still being used for transport to concentration camps. The Attorney General explains different reasons why the extermination program had to be kept hidden. One of the motives he mentions is that they wanted victims to remain in the dark in order to prevent rebellions and momentarily avoid panic. He says that the entire world also had to be kept from knowing what was going on and shares the different ways that was accomplished. The Attorney General tells his listeners that the secret could not be kept for long. He gives a quote where Himmler encourages SS officers by telling them they've written "a noteworthy page in our history" and remained "decent" throughout the process of exterminating Jews. 00:26:37 "Since then," the Attorney General says, "the matter has been revealed. What those villains then regarded with pride is now their badge of eternal shame; and what they did in concealment, in the hope that the greatest murder in history would remain strictly secret - all this will be told here openly, will be revealed and branded in the light of day." He then goes into the history of Poland during the war and the resentment Nazis felt towards the Poles. He expresses that the Germans disdained the Polish people and their attitude toward Polish Jews was "immeasurably worse." The Attorney General continues by saying that the only disagreement between the Government General and the RSHA regarding the Jews of Poland was the date they were to be exterminated. He discusses Hans Frank's role in the massacre of the Jews and reads excerpts from his diary. Frank would complain that the Gestapo acted independently and tried to resign, but Hitler wouldn't allow it. It is then stated that Frank was not responsible for the death camps; the SS from Berlin were completely in control. 00:37:12 The Attorney General describes many different ways the German Army would handle Polish Jews such as: drowning them in a river by the hundreds, burning synagogues, making them clean streets with their prayer shawls, plundering their property, kidnapping them, and more. They were "transformed into a herd of terrified, degraded and depressed beings, lacking all human rights." He says that this was only "minor terror" compared to what came later. Heydrich sent instructions on September 21, 1939 concerning treatment of Jews and the planning of the Holocaust. Another order, on December 12, 1939, states that Eichmann is appointed as Heydrich's special representative. 00:42:43 The Attorney General talks of how Jews were deported as quickly as possible and how all of their rights were stripped away. Eichmann, he shares, operated under the name of the Reichsfuehrer and had his authority. He discusses a meeting which was presided over by Eichmann and dealt with the methods of deportation. This deportation was described as a "modern migration of peoples." In a speech Frank gave, he talks about how the soldiers "had to endure" the "fantastic transfer of hundreds of thousands of Jews and Poles," and does not mention what the victims had to endure nor how much they suffered. The Attorney General states that Eichmann headed a program responsible for the deportation of half a million people and continues to talk of Polish Jews and their concentration. He speaks of the disease ridden ghettos and reads an account about a Jewish quarter in Warsaw. The account describes how the ghetto was sealed off without warning, how everyone who groaned or stumbled when moving in were immediately shot, the way nothing at all was sanitary, and how people died of starvation and their clothes would be stolen in the night. It also speaks of how people who left for work in factories would not know if they'd be returning and the way that Germans would torture Jews for pleasure. 00:55:01 The Attorney General explains the overcrowded conditions of Lodz and adds that it was Eichmann pushed twenty-five thousand more people into the area, causing epidemics that many would die from. Shots of people in the crowd as well as a long close-up Eichmann are shown. A letter, written by Sturmbannfuehrer Heppner, is shared and contains suggestions to sterilize Jewish women so they could "finish off the Jewish Question" and ideas to kill the Jews since it "would be more pleasant that to let them die of hunger." After Eichmann came to the Lodz Ghetto in 1943, the Attorney General says, they decided that it would be turned into a concentration camp and those unfit for work would be "sent off." He tells of how the labor camps would require men to accomplish physically impossible tasks and thus the men began to collapse. He also adds that 300 such camps existed in Poland, work began at 4:00 AM, scarcely any food was provided, and those that fell behind or were found with food from the outside were whipped, hung, or shot. Footage cuts out in the middle of his description. <N> Although a teacher and poet by profession, University of Utah Professor Jacqueline Osherow appears to be a storyteller at heart. She's not into answering questions about her life or work with "yes," "no," or intellectual musings. Instead, every question serves as a prologue to another story. Naturally, the first question is why Osherow, raised in a tight-knit Jewish community in Philadelphia, would contemplate moving to Utah. This story begins in 1989, when Osherow finished her doctoral degree at Princeton: She was looking toward accepting a "dream job" at a private East Coast liberal arts college when she was asked to trek west for a job interview at the U. Osherow, who readily admits to being "a real East Coast kid," knew nothingbeyond some awareness of the LDS Churchabout Utah. Everything changed when Osherow arrived on the U of U campus. She was highly impressed with the quality of studentsand the warm reception she received on her interview. "They were clearly interested in me," Osherow recalls, "and treated me so well." She vividly remembers meeting faculty such as onetime U professor Mark Strand, 1999 recipient of the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, and current Graduate Studies director Barry Weller. That East Coast school offered Osherow the position. But somehow, the University of Utah post had metamorphosed into her dream job. On that initial visit, Osherow was asked to do something for the first timea poetry reading. Then, earlier this year, she gave a reading for the College of Humanities at its monthly "Happy Hour," sharing poems that could only have been written because of living in Salt Lake City. The event was entitled "An East Coast Jewish Poet in the West." While there is no argument on religion, literary occupation or current locale, labeling Osherow an East Coast poet could be called into question. Utah truly has become her home. She is active in the local Jewish community and with the University. As well, she's raising three daughters in Utah: Magda (17), Dora (14) and Mollie (10). "I used to be very much an urban poet," Osherow says. "Utah has really gotten to me." At the Humanities reading, she shared one of the acclaimed "Scattered Psalms" from her fourth book, Dead Men's Praise. The poem ruminates on a passage from Hebrew Psalm 121:1-2, "I will lift my eyes to the mountains, where help will come." Her Psalm IX in part reads: "there is a chance/That all I'll know of real deliverance/Is these blue-white mountains out my window/Still reeling from this morning's blast of snow." As she explained to the crowd, "It was really only when I lived here that I finally understood that help really does come from looking at mountains." Inspiration from Utah might surprise some in the Jewish literary community. But, as Weller points out, "Unlikely destinations are part of the fate of Jewish culture." Weller also notes that Osherow has made her Hebrew Bible class one of the U's "signature courses." "I've always thought that Jackie is among the most gifted American poets of her generation," says Strand. "She is deeply serious in her commitment to her students." When discussing her students and how she teaches, she again starts with a storythis from the beginning of the semester, reading her Bible as Literature class roll. "I was absolutely horrified. It said 'lecture.' I don't lecture. They have to read, they have to discuss." Osherow mentions poet Paul Celan's quote, "Poems are gifts to the attentive," which she feels is the greatest definition of poetry. To Osherow, students making their own discoveries provide the best learning experience. Osherow's principle holds steadfast in her Poetry Workshop. Students are immersed in poetry spanning time and place: "The Mower to the Glow-Worms" from 17th-century British poet Andrew Marvell; an English translation of Rainer Maria Rilke's early 20th-century German poem "Gazelle"; and "Robin Redbreast" from contemporary American author Stanley Kunitz. From Osherow's multitude of gifts to the attentive, students select the poems to explore. Only after analysis, discussion and reflection can the actual writing of poetry begin. "She is a fabulous teacher," says former student Craig Arnold PhD'01, an assistant professor in creative writing at the University of Wyoming. "She is passionate about poetry and is clear in communicating that passion to students." Osherow also discourages students having one overarching project. "I'm afraid it will cut off possibility," she says. "Go where you're taken. See where that is." Osherow is utterly surprised to have four books of her own (and another on the way), since she always writes one poem at a time: "I didn't imagine them all fitting together, especially that first one." That first one, Looking for Angels in New York (1988), took shape during Osherow's university years. She studied in literature programsfrom undergraduate to doctoral workbut felt compelled to write. "Poetry was my secret; I just sat in a room and did it," Osherow laughs. "I mean, nobody's going to stop you." Her writing (and eventual submission) resulted in a pleasant surprisewinning the Contemporary Poetry Series competition, meaning publication of her first book. Looking for Angels in New York elicits themes and forms existent throughout her career: poetry in sonnets, travels to Italy, her faith and explorations of Judaism and Jewish poetry. In one poem, "Dawn," she finds inspiration in New York City's buildings, in the way she will later discover in Utah's blue-white mountains: "Dawn, even from a midtown skyscraper, /Is beautiful. Cement and glass, as if/Still dreaming, tentative. The long, lazy/Stretch of yawning stone." Her second book, Conversations with Survivors (1994), expanded more into her traditional background in Judaism, from the Yiddish language to the Holocaust. "I was introduced far too young," Osherow says of the Holocaust. "It was such a gigantic overwhelming presence."Osherow recalls at age 7 admitting to her mother the reason she refused to take showers: She feared that gas would come out of the showerhead. A grown Osherow wasn't seeking accounts, but her then-husband's entire family survived the Holocaust. This included his stepmother, Fany, who wanted her memories documented. The result was "Conversations With Survivors," a poem recalling Fany's experience during the Holocaust and in present day. "Brief Encounter With a Hero, Name Unknown," a poem from her third book, With a Moon in Transit (1996), is one of her most acclaimed. Osherow tells how the poem took shape: She asked her father-in-law, a Holocaust survivor in charge of delousing at Birkenau (an extermination camp annex of Auschwitz, the Nazi's largest concentration camp), if he knew any of the SS. He told the story of Josef Schillinger, an SS officer. In the tale, a woman brought to the gas chamber grabs Schillinger's gun, killing him and three other guards before being gunned down herself. The story haunted Osherow until she wrote the poem. Since then, "Brief Encounter" has taken on a life of its own. Last year, Susan Gubar released Poetry After Auschwitz: Remembering What One Never Knew, in which she discusses "Brief Encounter." Gubar then mentions another account of the same incident: a Tadeusz Borowski story, "The Death of Schillinger." Osherow was stunnedand incredibly thrilledto discover the story had a history beyond her father-in-law's account. Merely searching online, Osherow found various accounts of the incident: It occurred in October 1943, and the woman was most likely a Polish dancer named Franceska Mann. "My mind exploded," Osherow recalls, still astonished. "I thought it was something that only existed in my father-in-law's head and my head. Suddenly, there was external proof." It also lends insight to the way Osherow writes poetry: It's about conversations, stories and experiences, not historic research. "I hear it, I'm relating a story I was told, it's a personal thing," Osherow explains. "It's all about memory." This July, Osherow's efforts as a poet and teacher led to her appointment as a Distinguished Professor of English and Creative Writing. In Osherow's view it is an honor and a testament to "the University's tremendous support." Support from the university and her colleagues has enabled Osherow to "write poems that could not have been written" without grants and fellowships. Among her honors are fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation (1997-98) and the National Endowment for the Arts (1999-2000). Osherow's poetry appeared in Best American Poetry in 1995 (for "Late Night Tte--tte with a Moon in Transit") and in 1998 (for "Views of La Leggenda della Vera Croce"), and she has published many others in journals and magazines, including Paris Review, The New Republic and The New Yorker. When asked about the accolades, she returns to her new title, grinning while sharing a story of how her daughter Dora reacted to the honor: "Mom, you're the least distinguished person I know." The poet's fifth book, The Hoopoe's Crown, comes in 2005 from BOA Editions. Included are poems about a subject and place she has never exploredIsrael. Osherow, who spent most of her career writing in forms such as terza rima and sonnets, is trying more free verse in her most recent outing. "Israel is so austere," Osherow says. "I could not do my usual things. That landscape doesn't fit any of these generous English forms." She is excited by these challenges in her continued explorations of place and experiences in Judaism. "You should write whatever you're obsessed by," Osherow says. "You should take it on, and that's what I'm trying to do." Drew Brown teaches writing at Utah Valley State College. This is his first article for Continuum. <N> The best known of the war crimes trials held after World War II was the trial of major German war criminals held in Nuremberg, Germany. Leading officials of the Nazi regime were tried before the International Military Tribunal (IMT) at Nuremberg, before judges from Great Britain, France, the Soviet Union, and the United States. The IMT tried 22 Germans as major war criminals on charges of conspiracy, crimes against peace, war crimes, and crimes against humanity. But the Nuremberg trial did more than just try leading Nazi officials in government, the armed forces, and the economy. Its lasting legacy included the deliberate assembly of a public record of the horrific crimes, including those of the Holocaust, committed by the Germans and their collaborators during World War II. The American prosecutors at Nuremberg decided the best evidence against Nazi war criminals was the record left by the Nazi German state itself. They wanted to convict Nazi war criminals with their own words. While the Germans destroyed some of the historical record at the end of the war and some German records were destroyed during the Allied bombing of German cities, Allied armies captured millions of documents during the conquest of Germany in 1945. Allied prosecutors submitted some 3,000 tons of records at the Nuremberg trial. More than a decade later, beginning in 1958, the United States National Archives, in collaboration with the American Historical Association, published 62 volumes of finding aids to the records captured by the US military at the end of the war. More than 30 further volumes were published before the end of the 20th century The US Army made many significant finds of Nazi booty and records, among them gold, currency, artworks, and documentation discovered on April 7, 1945, by engineers of the US 90th Infantry Division in the Kaiseroda Salt mine in Merkers, Germany. Millions of documents were captured at various locations, including records of the German Army High Command records; files from Krupp, Henschel, and other German industrial concerns; Luftwaffe (German air force) material; and records kept by Heinrich Himmler (the Chief of the German Police and Reich Leader of the SS), the German Foreign Office, and many others. Even where central files had been destroyed, the Allies were able to some extent to reconstruct events and operations from the records they did secure. The Reich Security Main Office (RSHA) records, for example, were burned in the basement of its Prague regional headquarters but copies of many of RSHA records were found and collected from the files of local Gestapo (secret state police) offices across Germany. Captured German documents provided a record of the policies and actions of the Nazi state. Both the Wannsee Conference Protocol, which documented the cooperation of various German state agencies in the SS-led Holocaust, and the Einsatzgruppen Reports, which documented the progress of the mobile killing units assigned, among other tasks, to kill Jewish civilians during the invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941, were among the documents central to the Holocaust submitted at Nuremberg. During the Nuremberg trial, Nazi Germany's dedicated filming of itself was also turned into evidence of its crimes. From the earliest beginnings of the Nazi Party in the 1920s, through the military invasions of World War II and graphic depictions of atrocities, German photographers and camera crews recorded (often proudly) what they accomplished in pursuit of their ideology. Toward the end of the war, teams of Allied military personnel worked tirelessly to locate, collect, and categorize this photographic and film record. In addition to official photography and films produced at the behest of the Nazi state, German soldiers and police took numerous photographs and film footage of German operations against Jews and other civilians. They documented the public humiliation of Jews, their deportation, mass murder, and confinement in concentration camps. This became powerful visual evidence of Nazi war crimes submitted at Nuremberg. For example, Allied prosecutors submitted the so-called Stroop Report, which included as an appendix an album of photographs taken on the orders of SS and Police Leader Jrgen Stroop to document his destruction of the Warsaw ghetto uprising in spring 1943. According to Stroop's own calculations, his forces captured more than 55,000 Jews and of these, killed at least 7,000 and sent 7,000 more to the Treblinka killing center. Further visual documentation came from the US Army Signal Corps, which, in the course of photographing and filming American operations in World War II, also played a crucial role in documenting evidence of Nazi atrocities and the Holocaust. Many of the early still and moving pictures of newly liberated Nazi concentration camps were taken by Army photographers such as Arnold E. Samuelson and J Malan Heslop. A number of these images were later transmitted to news agencies in the United States and other countries, where they helped to inform the world about the horrors of Nazism and the plight of concentration camp prisoners. On November 29, 1945, the IMT prosecution introduced an hour-long film titled "The Nazi Concentration Camps." When the lights came up in the Palace of Justice all assembled sat in silence. The human impact of this visual evidence was a turning point in the Nuremberg trial. It brought the Holocaust into the courtroom. Eyewitness testimony from both perpetrators and survivors laid the foundation for much of what we know about the Holocaust, including details of the Auschwitz death machinery, atrocities committed by the Einsatzgruppen and other SS and police units, the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto, and the original statistical estimate of six million murdered Jews. Many people directly involved in the killing program died before the end of the war, but the Allies interrogated many of those who were still alive in preparation for the trial. None of the perpetrators denied the Holocaust. Most just tried to deflect their responsibility for the killings. Three key perpetrators gave evidence directly related to the Holocaust: Hermann Gring, the highest official of the Nazi state tried at Nuremberg, testified openly and frankly about the persecution of German Jews from the rise of the Nazi party to power in 1933 until the outbreak of war in 1939; Otto Ohlendorf testified directly about his unit, Einsatzgruppe D, killing 90,000 Jews in the southern Ukraine in 1941; and the commandant of Auschwitz, Rudolf Hoess, testified frankly about the gassing of more than a million Jews at the Auschwitz-Birkenau killing center during the war. All three claimed that they carried out the legitimate orders of the state. While the testimony of perpetrators is often chilling in its frankness about the killing program, testimony from survivors, then and today, is often the best antidote to Holocaust denial. Holocaust survivors directly experienced Nazi genocidal policies. Their testimony is personal, immediate, and, for this reason, compelling. Survivors like Marie-Claude Vaillant-Couturier who testified at Nuremberg about her experiences at Auschwitz, and Elie Wiesel, who, after the war, wrote the book Night about his deportation from Hungarian-occupied Transylvania to Auschwitz in 1944, provide the human element. Such witnesses convey what it felt like to be the target of genocide. Taken together, the documents, photographs, film, and perpetrator and survivor testimony at postwar trials provided an inescapable and undeniable documentation of the Holocaust. Further Reading Evans, Richard J. Lying About Hitler: History, Holocaust, and the David Irving Trial. New York: Basic Books, 2001. Gottfried, Ted. Deniers of the Holocaust: Who They Are, What They Do, Why They Do It. Brookfield, CT: Twenty-First Century Books, 2001. Lipstadt, Deborah. Denying the Holocaust: The Growing Assault on Truth and Memory. New York: Free Press, 1993. Shermer, Michael, and Alex Grobman. Denying History: Who Says the Holocaust Never Happened and Why Do They Say It? Berkeley: University of California Press, 2000. Zimmerman, John C. Holocaust Denial: Demographics, Testimonies, and Ideologies. Lanham, MD: University Press of America, 2000. <N> Death hoaxes are nothing new. They have been around since before the Internet even existed: those of you who are old enough might remember the Beatles and the endless number of rumors that circulated around Paul McCartneys supposed untimely death. Death rumors spring from a multitude of reasons. Hoaxers may want attention, a sense of importance garnered from watching their misinformation take off, or they may be bored or mentally ill  and their rumors reach a tipping point and spread, as many bits of misinformation do, like a game of Telephone, in which one person whispers a message to another until the receiver at the end of the chain announces what they have heard, which usually differs dramatically from the original. Today, with the advent of view-based and click-based advertising that proliferates on the web, professional misinformers thrive. If you can make information salacious enough or believable enough, you can guarantee that it will get passed around via social media, sometimes for months or years. If it is accompanied by an official-looking photograph or numbers, so much the better: many people will inadvertently pass around misinformation or disinformation without bothering to check into it, or even read past the headline  which is, of course, where we come in. But why shouldnt you click or share? Wheres the harm in it? One reason is like-farming. Facebooks algorithms in particular emphasize popular content, and therefore gathering likes and shares receives a high premium. Sometimes, its just an annoyance  maybe that kid really does want a hundred thousand likes so that a Victorias Secret model will go to a school dance with him, so hes inundating people with appeals (although thats doubtful at best)  but more often, the intent is scammy. Like-farmers will gather clicks, which denote popularity, then scrub the original content and replace it with something else (usually a scammy ad of some sort) to bypass Facebook constraints. Facebook has moved to quash this behavior by adjusting their algorithms, but of course, some scammers efforts always get by the online gatekeepers. And then theres clickbait. That tantalizing snippet of information where you have to click past the summary in order to read the rest of the story? Thats clickbait, and its nearly an art on Facebook and Twitter. Its also called response-farming, and according to Consumer Affairs, its often used by existing, legitimate companies in order to increase their online profiles. Its also used by scammers to direct unsuspecting people to click on their ads  another, more complex form of that like-farming scam. Falling for clickbait can also lead you to malware, which can infest your computer, share things without your knowledge or consent on social media, or worse. So how does this relate to death hoaxes (or their kissing cousins, non-death-hoaxes, which confidently declare news of any celebritys passing to be a hoax, complete with made-up quotes)? You can probably figure it out. Any well-known person who dies suddenly or unexpectedly is going to be big news, and its a widespread human tendency to want to share that news with others. Telling people theyre wrong about some kind of potentially big news is also extremely seductive (we understand.) In the age of a surfeit of information but a dearth of research, the most common way to do that is on social media. Unfortunately, its also easier than its ever been to spread around misinformation, deliberately or not, and open yourself and others up to malware or nasty little advertising scams. So what can you do about it? If you see a headline about someone dying young or in a shocking way, check and double-check it before you share it. If you see a headline claiming that a high-profile death is a hoax, check and double-check it before you share it. Dont trust what you read unless its from a previously vetted site. Be wary of headlines that appear to be gunning for outrage  outraged clicks translate into web traffic for them. Be skeptical, always question, and always spend a couple of minutes doing your research. Your computer, and your social media accounts, will thank you. <N> CLAIM New or expectant moms can receive a generous free meal from their local Chick-fil-A. RATING WHAT'S TRUE A single Chick-fil-A outlet in Houston, Texas, offered a promotion for new or expectant mothers. WHAT'S FALSE The Chick-fil-A promotion was not offered chain-wide. ORIGIN On 7 April 2016, a Facebook user shared a status update and image that reported the Chick-fil-A fast food chain was offering a generous perk to mothers (or mothers-to-be): Attention expecting moms. If u contact ur closet chic fil a close to ur due date or right after u have the baby they offer a new mom meal for FREE. Its a small platter, 4 large fries or fruit, a gallon of lemonade or tea, and cookies. Pretty cool!!! So ladies, contact them when its time for this awesome deal! Tag amy expecting mothers u know and share! The user later posted a second version of the rumor, adding the following information: The locations on 59 close to Deerbrook mall and also the one on Beltway 8 and Wilson Rd both in Humble, Tx offer it.Im not sure if any others do but you can always check to see. As expected, Chick-fil-As Facebook wall was swamped with pregnant people and others wondering whether the freebie was real: We contacted Chick-fil-A about the rumor, and on 8 April 2016, a company representative told us that the offer was real, but (so far) appeared to be limited to one area: Thanks so much for reaching out about this. We are looking into it, but as of now, it looks like this offer is available only at one location in Houston, Texas. Each independent franchisee offers different customer promotions, so we are confirming with that location. Other inquirers also noted such on social media: <N> The Republican-led Congress is wasting no time forcing through the most horrendous bills seen in decades while Americas eyes are on Russia. With both houses of Congress solidly under Republican control, theres little in the way to stop House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) from sending bills to President Trumps desk that embody the most dangerous aspects of radical right-wing ideology. However unlikely these bills passage would have seemed in the 114th Congress, the possibility of these nine bills becoming law is much higher now, especially considering the flurry of headlines around Donald Trumps ties to Russia, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recusal on the ongoing investigation into the presidents Russian connections, and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyaks multiple meetings with several of Trumps top lieutenants. Here are the nine worst bills to keep an eye on: 1. H.R. 861: To terminate the Environmental Protection Agency This bill  cosponsored by Republican members of Congress from fossil fuel-producing states  is just one sentence long, and says nothing about what would happen to the multiple environmental regulations the EPA has instituted since 1970, or its multibillion-dollar budget, or its thousands of staffers. H.R. 861 is currently awaiting action in the subcommittee on environment. 2. H.R. 610: Tax dollars for private schools Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) introduced this bill in January, which would redistribute funding earmarked for public schools in the form of vouchers for parents to send children to private schools. Over the long term, this would eventually bankrupt public schools, and create a stratified education system in which cash-strapped public schools would be unable to meet the educational needs of low-income students. The bill is awaiting action in the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3. H.R. 899: To terminate the Department of Education If this bill, introduced by Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Kentucky), becomes law, the U.S. Department of Education would terminate by the end of 2018. The bills brevity leaves many questions unanswered, like what would happen with Department of Education grants for public schools and universities, its budget, or its staff. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has said she would personally be fine if the agency she heads were to be abolished 4. H.J.R. 69: To repeal a rule protecting wildlife Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska), whose constituents likely include hunters who kill wildlife for sport rather than for food, introduced this joint resolution voicing displeasure with a Department of Interior rule that prohibits non-subsistence hunting in the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge. The resolution passed the House and is awaiting action in the Senate. 5. H.R. 370: To repeal the Affordable Care Act While President Obama was in office, House Republicans voted at least 60 times to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  also known as Obamacare  despite its futility. However, the Trump administration has made the repeal of Obamacare a top priority, meaning the repeal bill from Rep. Bill Flores (R-Texas) is likely to pass. 6. H.R. 354: To defund Planned Parenthood Despite the widely publicized debunking of the video alleging the womens health nonprofit was selling human organs, Republicans are still refusing to stop destroying Planned Parenthood. Rep. Diane Black (R-Tennessee) introduced a bill that would prevent any federal grants from going to Planned Parenthood for a full year unless they swore to not perform abortions. As the chart below from Planned Parenthood shows, only 3 percent of Planned Parenthood resources go toward abortions, while the vast majority of funding is used to help low-income women get STD tests, contraceptive care, and breast cancer screenings: 7. H.R. 785: National Right-to-Work legislation Conservative ideologue Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) is aiming to cripple unions at the nationwide level with a bill that would systematically deprive labor unions of the funding they need to operate. Unions often provide one of the crucial pillars of support for Democratic candidates and causes, and conservatives aim to destroy them once and for all by going after their funding. Its important to note that right-to-work is bad for all workers, not just union members  in 2015, the Economic Policy Institute learned that wages in right-to-work states are roughly 3.2 percent lower than in non-right-to-work states. 8. H.R. 83: Mobilizing Against Sanctuary Cities Act Multiple cities and states around the country have openly stated that they wont abide by President Trumps plan to aggressively round up and deport undocumented immigrants. A bill by Rep. Lou Barletta (R-Pennsylvania) would strip all federal funding of any city that doesnt obey Trumps immigration policies for up to a year. 9. H.R. 147: To criminalize abortion Rep. Trent Franks (R-Arizona) wants to aggressively prosecute pregnant women seeking abortions, along with abortion providers, by making abortion a felony punishable by up to five years in prison. The bill is currently awaiting action in the Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice. To fight back against these bills, call 202-224-3121, ask for your member of Congress, and tell them to vote no. . <N> A Republican congressman from Florida has introduced legislation aimed at eliminating the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), a federal agency created in 1970 by President Richard Nixon and tasked with protecting human health and the environment. No text has yet been published for H.R. 861, introduced to the U.S. House of Representatives by Rep. Matt Gaetz on 3 February 2017, aside from its title calling for the agencys termination. (Gaetzs office told Snopes.com in an e-mail that they did not yet have the final draft of the bill, but they provided us with an interim copy which currently states that The Environmental Protection Agency shall terminate on December 31, 2018.) The freshman lawmaker had previously told the Pensacola News Journal that if passed, the EPAs functions would fall under individual state jurisdictions: When it was originally created, states and local communities didnt have the technology or expertise to protect the environment. Weve come a long way in the last 50 years. Time and again, Ive seen constituents unknowingly subject themselves to the oppressive jurisdiction of the EPA by doing simple things. Gaetz has also said on Twitter that the bill would not impact the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), which has monitored rising sea levels in his state that have been attributed to climate change. According to the Huffington Post, Gaetz was more critical of the agency in an e-mail he sent to Republican colleagues, saying that the American people are drowning in rules and regulations promulgated by unelected bureaucrats. And the Environmental Protection Agency has become an extraordinary offender. Gaetzs bill has been co-sponsored by three other GOP congressmen: Rep. Barry Loudermilk of Georgia, Rep. Thomas Massie of Kentucky, and Rep. Steven Palazzo of Mississippi. In January 2017, President Donald Trumps administration reportedly implemented a funding and grant freeze against the EPA while also limiting the agencys external communications. Trumps appointee to head the agency, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, has publicly expressed skepticism regarding climate change and has sued the EPA multiple times to combat regulations governing the gas and oil industries. <N> U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-Fort Walton Beach) has proposed to abolish the EPA by 2018. Legal experts disagree with the lawmaker. (Photo: Submitted to News Journal) PENSACOLA, Fla.  After soliciting endorsement from his colleagues earlier this week to eradicate the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz has garnered support from a trio of congressmen in what he assures would translate to a smooth transition in oversight and regulations from the federal government to individual states. But legal experts disagree with the Fort Walton Beach Republican, arguing that eliminating the agency would incite statutory chaos and devastating impacts to human health and the environment. "When it was originally created, states and local communities didnt have the technology or expertise to protect the environment," said Gaetz, who has targeted 2018 for when he hopes to see the agency disappear. "Weve come a long way in the last 50 years. Time and again, Ive seen constituents unknowingly subject themselves to the oppressive jurisdiction of the EPA by doing simple things." Gaetz said Reps. Steven Palazzo, R-Mississippi, Thomas Massie, R-Kentucky, and Barry Loudermilk, R-Georgia, have agreed to co-sponsor a bill to the House Committee on Natural Resources to eliminate the agency. At that point, the committee's chairman, Rep. Rob Bishop, R-Utah, would decide if it would be put to a vote. Many environmental protection laws create legal standing for states to enforce federally administrated regulations. Gaetz contended that without the EPA, authority for those laws would simply shift to states. But multiple professors at the University of Florida Levin College of Law contradicted him. "A lot of states just dont have resources available to them," said Mary Jane Angelo, professor and director of the Environmental and Land Use Law Program at the university. "Wealthier states would have better protection for their citizens health than poorer states." Angelo said the EPA administers most federal and environmental programs through what is termed cooperative federalism. As an example, she said under the Clean Water Act, most states have assumed responsibility for carrying out a portion of regulations such as issuing permits and ensuring compliance. States must meet minimum federal requirements. Certain flexibility exists for states to carry out the law in ways more sensible for them. If the government quashed the agency, Angelo argued "decisions would have to be made on hundreds of programs about what happens to them." Alyson Flournoy, a law professor at the university and a member scholar at the liberal Center for Progressive Reform, said without federal regulations, states would enter into "a race to the bottom." She explained that as an incentive to attract industry, a portion of states would relax standards in a short-sighted economic strategy that would ultimately sacrifice public health and the environment. Flournoy criticized Gaetz's effort as an attention-seeking move that ultimately betrays his constituents. "It seems to be part of a wave from elected officials designed to capture headlines but not do good government," she said. "We dont need less government or more government. We need good government." Gaetz maintained states could capably regulate themselves if allowed. But in July, Florida's Environmental Regulation Commission approved new state standards that would escalate the acceptable levels of toxins in state rivers and streams for more than two dozen known carcinogens. The proposal required further approval by the EPA, but an agency spokeswoman said the state never sent it to the agency. In an email to colleagues this week seeking support for his bill, Gaetz cited a report from the conservative American Action Forum, writing "it would take more than 94,200 employees working full-time to complete one year of EPA paperwork. With the average compliance officer being paid over $33 per hour, the costs of these regulations accumulate quickly." But the report's evidence is questionable. Rick Harper, an economist and professor at the University of West Florida, said the report could be relying on other studies to reinforce its premise, but the report struck him as a "broad-brush opinion piece" and he would refrain from defining it as a study. He expects Gaetz's efforts to not result in the destruction of the EPA, but in the government lessening heavy-handed regulations and increasing incentives for companies to innovate and develop methods to curb pollution. "What I expect to see come of it would be a move to more market- and price-oriented solutions to pollution and that the legislation would evolve from dismantling the EPA to requiring the EPA to reduce the burden of paperwork," Harper said. Follow Joseph Baucum on Twitter: @josephbaucumPNJ Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> We all suspected this was coming. Well, here it is, courtesy of Rep. Steve King (R-IA-4) : This bill repeals the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and limits the authority of the Department of Education (ED) such that ED is authorized only to award block grants to qualified states. The bill establishes an education voucher program, through which each state shall distribute block grant funds among local educational agencies (LEAs) based on the number of eligible children within each LEA's geographical area. From these amounts, each LEA shall: (1) distribute a portion of funds to parents who elect to enroll their child in a private school or to home-school their child, and (2) do so in a manner that ensures that such payments will be used for appropriate educational expenses. To be eligible to receive a block grant, a state must: (1) comply with education voucher program requirements, and (2) make it lawful for parents of an eligible child to elect to enroll their child in any public or private elementary or secondary school in the state or to home-school their child. No Hungry Kids Act The bill repeals a specified rule that established certain nutrition standards for the national school lunch and breakfast programs. (In general, the rule requires schools to increase the availability of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and low-fat or fat free milk in school meals; reduce the levels of sodium, saturated fat, and trans fat in school meals; and meet children's nutritional needs within their caloric requirements.) <N> Betsy DeVos, the new education secretary, had a brutal confirmation. She struggled in her hearing, and in short order became a late night punchline , a lightning rod for progressive protesters , and ultimately got confirmed when Mike Pence became the first vice president in history to cast a tiebreaker vote in the Senate for a cabinet nominee. A week into the job, DeVos still hasn't watched the tape of her confirmation hearing. She says she wouldn't change much because Democrats were trying to get her to commit to things like equal accountability for all schools that receive federal funding  a concept with which she'll never agree. There's a couple of things, though, she wishes she said differently. What she said: Responding to a question of whether she believes guns should be allowed in schools, DeVos referred to a Wyoming school and said "there's probably a gun in the school to protect from potential grizzlies." What she wishes she said: "It was a valid illustration," she says now. "It just probably wasn't the best illustration I could have given." What she said: Tim Kaine asked her whether all K-12 schools receiving federal funding should be required to meet the requirements of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. DeVos replied: "I think that is a matter that's best left to the states," and that, after Kaine pressed further, that it was "certainly worth discussion." What she wishes she said: "Absolutely. Absolutely ... I have so much compassion for families who have to avail themselves of that law." Other highlights from our interview with DeVos: On the job : DeVos says she had never given a moment's thought to the job of Education secretary. "It was the day after the election that somebody with whom I've worked for a number of years actually emailed and said, 'Would you ever think about Secretary of Education?' She didn't respond to the email for a day, but after talking to her husband, Dick, she replied: "I literally have never given it a thought, but if the opportunity ever presented itself, how could I not consider it?" : DeVos says she had never given a moment's thought to the job of Education secretary. "It was the day after the election that somebody with whom I've worked for a number of years actually emailed and said, 'Would you ever think about Secretary of Education?' She didn't respond to the email for a day, but after talking to her husband, Dick, she replied: "I literally have never given it a thought, but if the opportunity ever presented itself, how could I not consider it?" On her interactions with Trump: She got enthusiastic about the job when she realized Trump's views on education policy were "very aligned" on both school choice and higher education. She and Trump believe many students aren't well served by four-year college degrees, and they want to promote vocational training as a means of preparing them for work and reducing student debt. She got enthusiastic about the job when she realized Trump's views on education policy were "very aligned" on both school choice and higher education. She and Trump believe many students aren't well served by four-year college degrees, and they want to promote vocational training as a means of preparing them for work and reducing student debt. On measuring success: DeVos says first measurement of success for the department will be a successful implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which reduces the federal government's role in education. She says it's too early to have numerical goals. DeVos says first measurement of success for the department will be a successful implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which reduces the federal government's role in education. She says it's too early to have numerical goals. On the federal education budget: "There's clearly an opportunity to slim down the department in some ways. I don't know if that will ultimately significantly reduce the overall expenditure, but it may, it may help incentivize states in other ways." "There's clearly an opportunity to slim down the department in some ways. I don't know if that will ultimately significantly reduce the overall expenditure, but it may, it may help incentivize states in other ways." On changes in schools during her tenure: "I expect there will be more public charter schools. I expect there will be more private schools. I expect there will be more virtual schools. I expect there will be more schools of any kind that haven't even been invented yet." In her ideal world, the federal government has any a role in education? Quote It would be fine with me to have myself worked out of a job, but I'm not sure that  I'm not sure that there will be a champion movement in Congress to do that. She said that a lot of people are asking that question but that she hasn't reached a conclusion. "I think in some of the areas around protecting students and ensuring safe environments for them, there is a role to play ... I mean, when we had segregated schools and when we had a time when, you know, girls weren't allowed to have the same kind of sports teams  I mean, there have been important inflection points for the federal government to get involved." But are there any remaining issues like that where the federal government should intervene? "I can't think of any now," she replied. <N> On 3 April 2017, President Trump signed H.J. Res. 69, a joint U.S. House and Senate resolution nullifying Obama-era regulations banning the use of predator control hunting methods on the 76.8 million acres of federally-protected national wildlife refuges across Alaska. The repealed restrictions were enacted in 2016 by the Fish and Wildlife Service after years of disputes between the U.S. government and the state of Alaska over the legality of such practices as bear baiting, hunting via aircraft, killing hibernating bears, and denning (killing wolves, coyotes, and offspring in their dens) on or near federally protected lands. In an impassioned call to action, the Humane Society of the United States had condemned the bill, which they said ought to shock the conscience of every animal lover in America: The U.S. House of Representatives overturned a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service rule that stopped a set of appalling and unsporting predator control methods on national wildlife refuges in Alaska. These egregious practices include shooting or trapping wolves while at their dens with cubs, using airplanes to scout for grizzly bears to shoot, trapping bears with cruel steel-jawed leghold traps and wire snares and luring grizzly bears with food to get a point blank kill. Republicans, with only a few dissents, provided the votes for the measure, which passed by a vote of 225 to 193. In reality, some of those practices were already prohibited to sport hunters under Alaska law, and some, including hunting coyotes in their dens and killing hibernating bears and cubs, were restricted to subsistence hunters (and permitted to qualified subsistence hunters even under federal regulations). The deeper issue all along was state vs. federal control of wildlife management. Despite support from scientific, environmental, and animal welfare advocacy groups, the federal restrictions were considered intrusive and unwarranted by many Alaskans. The state filed a lawsuit in January 2017 contending that the rules amounted to federal overreach, harming the ecosystem and citizens of Alaska. With the support of the National Rifle Association (NRA) and Safari Club International, Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska) introduced H.J. Res. 69 in February 2017 to redress what he termed a wrongful seizure of authority: From the beginning, I said I would do everything in my power to overturn this illegal jurisdictional power grab by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Today, were one step closer to delivering on that commitment and eliminating a wrongful seizure of Alaskas fish and wildlife management authority. Im thankful to all those that played a role in moving this important resolution of disapproval, including that countless state and local stakeholders that worked with me to fight a very serious and alarming overreach by the Executive Branch. I look forward to seeing the swift consideration of H.J. Res. 69 in the Senate. Although passage of the law (i.e., repeal of the federal restrictions) wont likely result in a sudden increase in the slaughter of hibernating bears or denning wolves, it will make it much more difficult for the U.S. government to intervene in such matters in the future, which remains a serious concern to animal welfare and wildlife protection groups. In May 2018, the U.S. Department of the Interior proposed an almost identical rule change rolling back the same prohibitions in National Park Service regulations that apply to hunting on national preserve lands. <N> Washington, D.C.  Alaska Congressman Don Young is moving forward with an effort to overturn two Obama-era rules impacting the management of fish and game upon Alaska refuge lands and future development and exploration in the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf. The actions represent a collective effort in Congress to overturn costly and often politically charged rules  issued in the final months of the Obama Administration  through the use of the Congressional Review Act (CRA). The Act is a powerful Congressional tool to disapprove of new federal regulations through an expedited legislative process, requiring a simple majority in both Chambers and the signature of the President. Congressman Young introduced the following resolutions of disapproval: H.J. Res 70, a joint resolution of disapproval under the CRA, would overturn a Department of Interior (DOI) final rule governing oil and gas exploration in the Arctic OCS, which would add upwards of $2 billion in additional regulatory costs on industry. For years, the Obama Administration tried to convince the American people that it supported an all-of-the-above energy policy. Yet, at every turn they proposed crippling new rules and regulations that locked away our nations vital resources, Congressman Young said of his Arctic resolution of disapproval. This rule, combined with unilateral actions to permanently withdraw the Arctic OCS for exploration, represents a significant blow to Alaskas already sensitive economy, future development in the region and the security of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. Not only does this rule lock in the status-quo for exploration, it eliminates the opportunity to carefully and methodically introduce new technologies. Bottom line, I am fighting to overturn a number of the shortsighted actions taken by the Obama administration, including this costly, overly prescriptive new rule  which could add upwards of $2 billion in development costs  and make it nearly impossible for exploration to move forward in the future. H.J. Res 69, a joint resolution of disapproval under the CRA, would overturn an August 5, 2016 final rule by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service that significantly restricts hunting and wildlife management practices upon federal lands in Alaska, in violation of the Alaska Statehood Compact and Alaska National Interest Land Conservation Act (ANILCA). Theres no question, the Fish and Wildlife Service rule  which lays claim to more than 20 percent of our state  violates ANILCA and the Alaska Statehood Compact, said Congressman Don Young. Not only does this action undermine Alaskas ability to manage fish and wildlife upon refuge lands, it fundamentally destroys a cooperative relationship between Alaska and the federal government. I continue to fight to protect Alaskas sovereignty and management authority and will use every tool at my discretion to strike this rule. If passed, Youngs joint resolutions of disapproval would ensure that the final rules issues by the Department of Interior and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service would have no force or effect, and that no substantially similar rule can be issued in the future without a subsequent authorization from Congress. Youngs CRA efforts were recently featured in an article published by E&E News. For background information on the Arctic Rule and FWS Wildlife Management Rule, click here. In addition, Congressman Young has cosponsored four additional resolutions of disapproval: H.J. Res. 36 (introduced by Rep. Rob Bishop, UT-01), a resolution disapproving of the BLMs Venting and Flaring rule. Click here for additional information on the rule. H.J. Res. 38 (introduced by Rep. Bill Johnson, OH-06), a resolution disapproving of the Office of Surface Minings (OSM) Stream Protection Rule (SPR). Click here for additional information on the rule. H.J. Res. 40 (introduced by Rep. Sam Johnson, TX-03), a resolution of disapproval overturning a rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to the implementation of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. Click here for more information on the rule. <N> WASHINGTON  - U.S. House Republicans on Friday won passage of a measure starting the process of dismantling Obamacare, despite concerns about not having a ready replacement and the potential financial cost of repealing Democratic President Barack Obamas landmark health insurance law. The House of Representatives voted 227-198 to instruct committees to draft legislation by a target date of Jan. 27 that would repeal the 2010 Affordable Health Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. The Senate approved the same measure early Thursday. No Democrats supported the initiative. Nine Republicans voted against the measure. With this vote, Republicans began delivering on their promise to end Obamacare, which also was a campaign promise of Republican President-elect Donald Trump. The program, which expanded health coverage to some 20 million people, has been plagued by increases in insurance premiums and deductibles and by some large insurers leaving the system. The resolution passed by the House and Senate does not need presidential approval, since it is part of an internal congressional budget process. But once the Obamacare repeal legislation is drafted, both chambers will need to approve it, and a presidential signature will be required. Related Coverage U.S. Republicans start framework for Obamacare replacement By that time, Trump will have been sworn in as president. He has urged Congress to act quickly to repeal and replace the Democratic program. Obamacare was enacted nearly seven years ago - over Republican objections - in an effort to expand coverage and give new protections for people with pre-existing health conditions and other barriers that left them without insurance. In the past few years, the House has voted more than 60 times to repeal or alter Obamacare, but Republicans had no hope a repeal would become law as long as Obama was president and could veto their bills. House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Republican, said Obamacare was collapsing and action was urgent. For people who have health insurance through the Obamacare system, he said, The deductibles are so high it doesnt feel like youve got insurance in the first place. We have to step in before things get worse. This is nothing short of a rescue mission, Ryan said. Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi rebutted Republicans claims that the law was a failure. The rate of growth in healthcare costs in our country has been greatly diminished by the Affordable Care Act, she said. In the more than 50 years that they have been measuring the rate of growth, it has never been slower than now. A bill repealing Obamacare sits on a desk after being signed by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) at the U.S. Capitol in Washington January 7, 2016. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst The choice before lawmakers, she said, is affordable care versus chaos. Harvard University economist David Cutler warned that there could be trouble in U.S. insurance markets if lawmakers do repeal the law but a replacement is slow in coming. You could create a lot of havoc, he said, adding that some insurers may get out of the market entirely. Trump applauded Congresss efforts with a Friday morning tweet saying, The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history! The president-elect, who takes office on Jan. 20, pressed lawmakers this week to repeal and replace it essentially simultaneously. Republican leaders would like to finish the repeal process within weeks, but some lawmakers think it could take far longer. Some Republicans have expressed concern about starting a repeal before agreeing on how to replace provisions of the complicated and far-reaching law. Slideshow (5 Images) The nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimated repealing Obamas signature health insurance law entirely would cost roughly $350 billion over 10 years. Republicans say a good replacement would give states more control of a healthcare program and provide more stability on health insurance premiums. <N> H. R. 354 To provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mrs. Black (for herself, Mr. Hensarling, Mr. Fleischmann, Mr. McCaul, Mr. Pittenger, Mr. Kelly of Mississippi, Mr. Farenthold, Mr. Wenstrup, Mr. Olson, Mr. Roe of Tennessee, Mr. Blum, Mr. Rohrabacher, Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia, Mr. Grothman, Mr. Bilirakis, Mr. Abraham, Mr. Jody B. Hice of Georgia, Mr. Pearce, Mr. Hudson, Mr. Roskam, Mr. Duncan of South Carolina, Mr. Mullin, Mr. Collins of Georgia, Mr. Smith of New Jersey, Ms. Jenkins of Kansas, Mr. Massie, Mr. Gibbs, Mr. Labrador, Mr. Rothfus, Mr. Moolenaar, Mr. Jenkins of West Virginia, Mr. Franks of Arizona, Mr. Conaway, Mrs. Hartzler, Mrs. Love, Mr. Lamborn, Mr. Yoho, Mr. Gosar, Mr. Chabot, Mr. Harris, Mr. Allen, Mr. Hultgren, Mr. Carter of Georgia, Mrs. Blackburn, Mr. Mooney of West Virginia, Mr. Cramer, Mr. Aderholt, Mr. Kelly of Pennsylvania, Mr. Ratcliffe, Mrs. Walorski, Mr. Brat, Mr. Graves of Missouri, Mr. Culberson, Mr. Jones, Mr. Marchant, Mr. Babin, Mr. Woodall, Mr. Emmer, Mr. Rokita, Mr. Messer, Mr. Wilson of South Carolina, Mrs. Wagner, Mr. Bridenstine, Mr. Byrne, Mr. Johnson of Ohio, Mr. Westerman, Mr. Meadows, Mr. DesJarlais, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Hill, Mr. Turner, Mr. Guthrie, Mr. Gohmert, Mr. Russell, Mr. Flores, Mr. Long, Mr. Harper, Mr. Palazzo, Mr. Carter of Texas, Mr. Bishop of Michigan, Mr. Sensenbrenner, Mr. Barletta, Mr. Barr, Mr. Perry, Mr. Davidson, Mr. Holding, Mr. Latta, Mr. Smith of Nebraska, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Shimkus, Mr. Huizenga, Mr. Banks of Indiana, Mr. Smith of Texas, Mr. Shuster, Mr. Rogers of Alabama, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Poe of Texas, Mr. Williams, Mr. Brady of Texas, Mr. Sessions, Mrs. Roby, Mr. Wittman, Mr. Loudermilk, Mr. Bucshon, Mr. Graves of Georgia, Mrs. Noem, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Walberg, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Walker, Mr. Kustoff of Tennessee, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Luetkemeyer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Smith of Missouri, Mr. Weber of Texas, Mr. Valadao, Mr. Scalise, Mr. Rouzer, Mr. Posey, Mr. Tiberi, Mr. Cole, Mr. Yoder, Mr. Graves of Louisiana, Mr. Biggs, Mr. Comer, Mr. Sam Johnson of Texas, and Mr. LaHood) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL To provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. Short title. This Act may be cited as the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2017. SEC. 2. Findings. Congress finds the following: (1) State and county health departments, community health centers, hospitals, physicians offices, and other entities currently provide, and will continue to provide, health services to women. Such health services include relevant diagnostic laboratory and radiology services, well-child care, prenatal and postpartum care, immunization, family planning services (including contraception), cervical and breast cancer screenings and referrals, and sexually transmitted disease testing. (2) Many such entities provide services to all persons, regardless of the persons ability to pay, and provide services in medically underserved areas and to medically underserved populations. (3) All funds that are no longer available to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. and its affiliates and clinics pursuant to this Act will continue to be made available to other eligible entities to provide womens health care services. (4) Funds authorized to be appropriated, and appropriated, by section 4 are offset by the funding limitation under section 3(a). SEC. 3. Moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. (a) In general.For the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, subject to subsection (b), no funds authorized or appropriated by Federal law may be made available for any purpose to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., or any affiliate or clinic of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., unless such entities certify that Planned Parenthood Federation of America affiliates and clinics will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion during such period. (b) Exception.Subsection (a) shall not apply to an abortion (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. (c) Repayment.The Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of Agriculture shall seek repayment of any Federal assistance received by Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., or any affiliate or clinic of Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., if it violates the terms of the certification required by subsection (a) during the period specified in subsection (a). SEC. 4. Funding for community health center program. (a) In general.There is authorized to be appropriated, and appropriated, $235,000,000 for the community health center program under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b), in addition to any other funds made available to such program, for the period for which the funding limitation under section 3(a) applies. (b) Limitation.None of the funds authorized or appropriated pursuant to subsection (a) may be expended for an abortion other than as described in section 3(b). SEC. 5. Rule of construction. <N> The U.S. House of Representatives voted Friday, Sept.18 to defund Planned Parenthood for a one-year period. The vote was 241-187, with nearly all Republicans and two Democrats supporting the legislation. (Reuters) This story has been updated. The House passed two abortion-related bills Friday, including one that would strip federal health-care funding from Planned Parenthood for one year, but it remains unclear whether the votes would appease conservatives who have threatened a government shutdown over the organization. The votes followed months of intense focus on Planned Parenthood prompted by undercover videos released by an activist group claiming they show violations of federal laws prohibiting the sales of fetal tissue for profit and restricting certain abortion procedures. Planned Parenthood has denied any wrongdoing and claimed the videos have been unfairly manipulated as it has fought off attempts to end its federal support. But neither bill is likely to become law as Senate Democrats have filibustered similar measures, and President Obama has indicated he would veto both bills. Thats why the move is unlikely to stave off growing fears of a government shutdown on Oct. 1. Since House conservatives know the bill to defund Planned Parenthood is unlikely to be enacted, theyre unlikely to back off their desire to attach it to a must-pass government spending measure to keep the government open. But again, neither Senate Democrats nor Obama will accept such language, triggering the standoff. Nonetheless, House Republicans hoped to appease conservatives with the abortion-related votes. One bill passed Friday, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, would impose criminal penalties on medical personnel who fail to aid an infant born after an attempted abortion. The other, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, imposes a one-year moratorium on federal funding for the group, which Republicans say will allow for a thorough investigation of its practices. Any funding, supporters said, would be redirected to clinics that do not offer abortions. Congress must pass a budget before Sept. 30, or it faces partially shutting down the government for the second time in two years. Here's how we got to another potential shutdown. (Jayne W. Orenstein/The Washington Post) [Wary of shutdown, GOP leaders try to refocus abortion debate] Most people think that is common sense, said Rep. Diane Black (R-Tenn.), sponsor of the defunding bill. If there is reason to investigate, then there is reason to withhold taxpayer dollars during that period of time. The American taxpayer has been clear for a very long time that they do not want federal funds spent on abortion. Democrats pointed out that Planned Parenthood has long been prohibited from spending federal money on abortions, thanks to appropriations riders dating back to the 1970s. And in a floor debate Friday, they called the bill an attack on womens health care and noted that other health-care providers would be unable to absorb all of Planned Parenthoods hundreds of thousands of patients. This bill is dumb, its foolish, and its mean-spirited, said Rep. Lois Frankel (D-Fla.). The bill is based upon lies and exaggerations. If you want to have a truthful debate, then lets talk about the 400,000 Pap smears, the 500,000 breast exams, the 4.5 million STD and HIV tests that Planned Parenthood does each year. [Sign up for The Daily 202, The Washington Posts new political tipsheet] Planned Parenthoods affiliated clinics are together the countrys largest provider of abortions. But they also perform other womens health and family planning services, which are funded through Medicaid and Title X federal grants totaling about $450 million a year. The organization decried the vote Friday. These bills are a callous attempt to insert politics into womens health, and were grateful that the Senate and the president will stop them from becoming law, said Eric Ferrero, a spokesman for the Planned Parenthood Action Fund. Republicans and Democrats sparred over the undercover videos, which have been released by the Center for Medical Progress over the course of the summer. Rep. Kathy Castor (D-Fla.) called them part of a coordinated, broad-based smear campaign full of distortions and misinformation. Key context was edited out of the videos, she said, including footage of exculpatory comments from Planned Parenthood executives. During the second round of GOP debates, Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said "shame on us" if lawmakers don't stop a bill from passing that funds Planned Parenthood. (CNN) But Republicans said the videos spoke for themselves and lambasted Democrats for trying to undermine their content: If they want to send one taxpayer dime to Planned Parenthood after watching them, shame on them, said Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-Tex.). The votes broke down mostly along party lines, with the Planned Parenthood bill passing 241 to 187 and the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act passing 248 to 177. While public attention has been focused on the Planned Parenthood bill, anti-abortion activists believe the vote on the survivor protection bill, sponsored by Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), could be even more politically significant in the long run. Democrats say current law is already sufficient to prevent the abuses that activists fear, and they pointed to objections from medical groups, such as the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which said the bill represents gross legislative interference into the practice of medicine. But activists believe those opponents have assumed an extreme position that could become a liability in future campaigns. The votes this afternoon are evidence of just how wedded to the idea of abortion on-demand, at any time, for any reason, that the Democratic Party has become, said Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, noting only five of 188 Democrats voted in favor. Where is the compassion and concern for the little guy, the abortion survivor, whose heart is beating and alive? The bills were brought to the House floor amid in order to create leverage with President Obama and congressional Democrats given the nearing deadline to fund the government. But neither have indicated a shutdown would force them to blink. The Senate took an August test vote on a Planned Parenthood defunding bill, which fell well short of the 60 votes necessary to advance controversial legislation. Senators are expected to take a procedural vote Tuesday on a bill banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy in a related effort to demonstrate the political hurdles facing any bill restricting abortion rights. On the House side, GOP leaders have sought to tamp down demands to link Planned Parenthood funding to the spending deadline. They have made both political and practical arguments: In a Thursday morning meeting at Republican National Committee headquarters, party leaders presented polling numbers showing Republicans would be blamed for a shutdown in key battleground districts. And they told members that due to the vagaries of federal appropriations and funding cycles, the kind of short-term funding bill that is likely to pass ahead of the Sept. 30 deadline would do little to affect Planned Parenthood. In the short term, you might feel better, but the moneys already out the door, said Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), an Appropriations Committee member and leadership ally. Lets do the hearings. Lets find out what the case is. Lets try to craft something thats a little more nuanced and precise than just, if you dont do what we want, well shut down the government.  <N>  Planned Parenthood is in the spotlight as Republicans push to block funding for the group because it provides abortions for women. "We don't want to commit taxpayer funding for abortion, and Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider," House Speaker Paul Ryan said during a CNN town hall this month. He said Republicans would rather shift those dollars -- and redirect Planned Parenthood's patients using those dollars -- to federal community health centers. "You don't have these controversies by funding health centers," he said. The vast majority of federal money that Planned Parenthood does receive goes toward preventive health care, birth control, pregnancy tests and other women's health services. The group turned 100 in October. President-elect Donald Trump has expressed mixed views about the group, praising its "very good work for millions of women" while maintaining his promise to cut off federal funding if it continues to offer abortion services. None of the funding Planned Parenthood receives can legally be spent on abortion services. What is Planned Parenthood, and what services does it provide? Here's the breakdown: What is Planned Parenthood? Planned Parenthood claims to be the largest provider of reproductive health services in the United States, offering sexual and reproductive health care, education and outreach to nearly 5 million women, men and adolescents annually worldwide. It has 650 affiliate health centers across the nation, including standalone clinics and satellite offices. The services offered at different centers vary. It estimates that 2.5 million women and men in the US visit its affiliate health centers for services and information each year, and its website receives 60 million visits annually. Of its patients, 83% were 20 or older, according to a Government Accountability Office report released in March 2015 (PDF) that looked at data from 2010 to 2012. Nearly 80% had incomes at or below 150% of the federal poverty level, according to the report. With a focus on prevention, Planned Parenthood said that 80% of its patients receive services to prevent unintended pregnancy. What services does Planned Parenthood offer? This is how its services break down: Abortion Planned Parenthood says 3% of the services it provides are abortions. 323,999 abortions were performed in 2014, according to the organization. Sexual education Planned Parenthood says it provides sex education to 1.5 million young people and adults each year. Pregnancy prevention and birth control Planned Parenthood says it prevents an estimated 579,000 unintended pregnancies per year. Contraception accounted for 34% of the services it provided, according to the 2015 GAO report. In 2014, Planned Parenthood saw: 2 milion reversible contraception patients 941,589 emergency contraception kits 3,445 vasectomies 718 female sterilization procedures Pregnancy tests: 1.1 million tests done in 2014 Prenatal care: provided to 17,419 people in 2014 Sexually transmitted disease screening and treatment Planned Parenthood says this accounts for 42% of the services provided. (The GAO calculates 41% in 2012 by affiliates.) 4.2 million tests and treatments provided in 2014 This represents the largest proportion of medical services provided. Pap smears (cervical cancer screening): 270,000 per year Breast exams: 360,000 per year Research: Planned Parenthood said in its 2013-14 annual report that it participated in more than 70 research projects. According to the Guttmacher Institute (PDF), publicly funded family planning in 2014 helped women avoid 2 million unintended pregnancies. It found that 62% of Planned Parenthood health centers also offer same-day appointments, and 78% offer extended evening or weekend hours for those who have a hard time accessing care due to work or family responsibilities. Planned Parenthood is also more likely to facilitate the choice and uptake of a contraceptive method, as well as help a high volume of patients who need contraceptive care. Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter. Guttmacher also says that Planned Parenthood health centers serve 36% of all clients obtaining care from publicly funded family planning centers and that in 2014, 20.2 million women in the US were in need of publicly funded family planning services like Planned Parenthood. According to a 2016 survey, 26% of patients at a Planned Parenthood site said it was the only place they could go for the services they required. The Guttmacher Institute identifies itself as a nonprofit that works to advance sexual and reproductive health worldwide through research, policy analysis and public education. <N> Right-To-Work Resources Under right-to-work laws, states have the authority to determine whether workers can be required to join a labor union to get or keep a job. Currently, 28 states and Guam have given workers a choice when it comes to union membership. Labor unions still operate in those states, but workers cannot be compelled to become members as a requirement of their job. Kentucky became the 27th right-to-work state when it enacted HB 1 on Jan. 9, 2017. Missouri became the 28th by enacting SB 19 on Feb. 2, 2017. Chart on Right-to-Work States Legislative Action Additional Resources Right-to-Work States State Year Constitutional Amendment Adopted Year Statute Enacted Alabama 2016 1953 Arizona 1946 1947 Arkansas 1944 1947 Florida 1968 1943 Georgia 1947 Idaho 1985 Indiana 2012 Iowa 1947 Kansas 1958 Kentucky 2017 Louisiana 1976 Michigan 2012 Mississippi 1960 1954 Missouri 2017 Nebraska 1946 1947 Nevada 1952 North Carolina 1947 North Dakota 1947 Oklahoma 2001 2001 South Carolina 1954 South Dakota 1946 1947 Tennessee 1947 Texas 1993 Utah 1955 Virginia 1947 Wisconsin 2015 West Virginia 2016 Wyoming 1963 Sources: U.S. Dept. of Labor, state websites State Legislative Action 2015 Legislation Wisconsin became the 25th right-to-work state, with a bill that was signed into law on March 9, 2015. Track 2015 legislative bills in our collective bargaining database. 2014 Legislation Summary: During the 2014 legislative session, bills related to right to work were introduced in 20 states but no additional states became right-to-work states. The only state to enact a related law was Tennessee, which adopted a right-to-work statute in 1947. The 2014 law prohibits any unit of government from enacting ordinances or regulations that infringe on rights guaranteed under the National Labor Relations Act, including provisions related to collective bargaining. 2013 Legislation Summary: Right-to-work legislation was introduced in 21 states during the 2013 legislative session, as well as in the District of Columbia and the U.S. Congress. Tennessee was the only state to pass legislation, prohibiting waiver of rights to join or refrain from joining a union. 2012 Legislation Summary: Nineteen states debated right-to-work legislation during the 2012 session. Laws were passed in four states, two of which either established or expanded right-to-work laws and two of which added enforcement or notice provisions to their current right-to-work laws. Michigan became a right-to-work state and Indiana expanded its right-to-work provisions from covering just school employees, to covering all private sector employment. The activity in the 2012 legislative session compares to sixteen states that considered right-to-work bills in the 2011 legislative session, although none passed. Additional Resources Collective Bargaining Database LegisBrief: State Right-to-Work Laws, May 2012 NCSL Staff Contact: Jackson Brainerd <N> Right to work is the name for a policy designed to take away rights from working people. Backers of right to work laws claim that these laws protect workers against being forced to join a union. The reality is that federal law already makes it illegal to force someone to join a union. The real purpose of right to work laws is to tilt the balance toward big corporations and further rig the system at the expense of working families. These laws make it harder for working people to form unions and collectively bargain for better wages, benefits and working conditions. <N> Five days after taking office, President Trump signed an executive order to block federal funding to sanctuary cities, a term that has been used to generally describe places that limit how local law enforcement can cooperate with federal immigration agents. It was not immediately clear which jurisdictions would be subject to the order, said Lena Graber, a special projects lawyer at the Immigrant Legal Resource Center. The order targets jurisdictions that hinder communication with the Department of Homeland Security about a persons immigration status, Ms. Graber said. She did not think the sanctuary policies now in place in cities across the country were in violation of the order. At least five states have laws that limit how much the local police can cooperate with federal immigration agents. The New York Times The maps shown here are based on data collected by the Immigrant Legal Resource Center, specifically looking at jurisdictions that limit how much the local police cooperate with requests from federal authorities to hold immigrants in detention. The center found at least 633 counties with these policies. The New York Times Policies limiting cooperation with immigration detainers are typically in place at the county and state level, Ms. Graber said. In cities, sanctuary policies often mean local officials do not ask about a persons immigration status, but there is no universal definition for a sanctuary city. Compiling a comprehensive list of cities that could be considered sanctuaries is challenging. In some places, officials have publicly declared their city to be a sanctuary, but the city may not have actual policies in place. County policies, Ms. Graber said, are actually the most relevant in the debate over immigration enforcement. Mr. Trump and many Republicans say sanctuary cities allow criminals to go free, leading to crimes that could have been avoided if the immigrants had been deported. Many local law enforcement officials favor the policies, saying they do not want the job of enforcing federal immigration laws. They say they rely on immigrants in their communities to come forward to report crimes. <N> These grants make up a relatively small part of the federal budget and are not a substantial source of revenue for larger cities. Federal funds made up 10 percent of New York Citys $80.5 billion budget in 2015, and $60 million in justice grants is just .75 percent of the citys grant revenue. [After years on the outside, foes of legal immigration find a louder voice with Trumps election] In 2015, the House passed a bill to prevent sanctuary cities from receiving one federal grant directly related to immigration. The State Criminal Alien Assistance Program reimburses part of the cost of housing inmates during the second phase of deportation proceedings. The grants do not reimburse jails for holding inmates on detainer requests  thats on their own dime, according to a report by the Immigrant Legal Resource Center. But a Washington Post analysis found that many counties with sanctuary policies get little or no money from this program. The Department of Justice paid $165 million for the grants last year, with $18 million going to jurisdictions with policies of not cooperating with ICE. Cutting funding isnt the only way for the Trump administration to get places with sanctuary policies to help with deportation. Vaughan said another option is seeking an injunction in federal court to block specific policies, especially in jurisdictions that will not cooperate in any way with ICE. She said the worst offenders are Cook County, Ill., (home to Chicago), King County, Wash., (Seattle), and three counties around San Francisco. These and other cities and counties have sanctuary policies that go beyond rejecting detainer requests. Some jurisdictions instruct police to not ask about immigration status; offer municipal identification cards to illegal immigrants; or offer interpreters in city offices. D.C. recently set up a legal defense fund for illegal immigrants. Deportation proceedings are held in civil court instead of criminal court, so defendants dont have access to a public defender. Im curious to see exactly what he does in terms of this defunding of sanctuary cities because it doesnt make sense from a legal standpoint or a political standpoint, Torrey said. Trumps order also asked DHS to identify localities that dont comply with detention requests, and, once per week, to publish a comprehensive list of criminal actions committed by aliens. [President Trump is likely to keep a close eye on this brewing sanctuary city battle in Texas] <N> There is one summary for H.R.147. Bill summaries are authored by CRS. Shown Here: Introduced in House (01/03/2017) Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act (PRENDA) of 2017 This bill imposes criminal penalties on anyone who knowingly or knowingly attempts to: (1) perform an abortion knowing that the abortion is sought based on the sex, gender, color or race of the child, or the race of a parent; (2) use force or the threat of force to intentionally injure or intimidate any person for the purpose of coercing a sex-selection or race-selection abortion; (3) solicit or accept funds for the performance of such an abortion; or (4) transport a woman into the United States or across a state line for the purpose of obtaining such an abortion. Violations or attempted violations shall result in fines and/or imprisonment for up to five years. The bill authorizes civil actions (for verifiable money damages for injuries and punitive damages) by: (1) fathers, or maternal grandparents if the mother is an unemancipated minor, of unborn children who are the subject of an abortion performed or attempted through any of the above violations; or (2) women upon whom an abortion has been performed or attempted with a knowing or attempted use of force or threat of force to intentionally injure or intimidate any person for the purpose of coercing a sex-selection or race-selection abortion. To prevent an abortion provider from performing or attempting further abortions in violation of this bill, the bill authorizes injunctive relief to be obtained by: (1) the women upon whom such an abortion is performed or attempted, (2) a maternal grandparent of the unborn child if the woman is an unemancipated minor, (3) the father of such an unborn child, or (4) the Department of Justice. Violations of this bill are deemed to be prohibited discrimination under title VI (Federally Assisted Programs) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. (Violators of title VI lose federal funding.) Medical or mental health professionals must report known or suspected violations to law enforcement authorities. Criminal penalties are established for a failure to so report. A woman having such an abortion may not be prosecuted or held civilly liable. Courts must make such orders as necessary to protect the anonymity of any woman upon whom an abortion has been performed or attempted if she does not give her written consent to such disclosure. In the absence of such a woman's written consent, any party, other than a public official, who brings an action must use a pseudonym. For purposes of this bill, "abortion" is defined as the act of using or prescribing any instrument, medicine, drug, or any other substance, device, or means with the intent to terminate the clinically diagnosable pregnancy of a woman, with knowledge that the termination by those means will, with reasonable likelihood, cause the death of the unborn child, unless the act is intended to: (1) save the life or preserve the health of the unborn child, (2) remove a dead unborn child caused by spontaneous abortion, or (3) remove an ectopic pregnancy. <N> Washington, DC - Congressman Lee Zeldin (R - NY-1), member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, just released the following statement in support of new sanctions just announced on Iran's Ballistic Missile Program and Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC): The party's over for Iranian leadership. We have a new President and Congress dedicated to a better direction that refuses to prop up the current Iranian regime. Iran is the largest state sponsor of terrorism. The sanctioning of individuals and companies affiliated with Iran's Ballistic Missile Program and IRGC will assist with efforts to reduce Iran's destabilizing activities, which included a missile test just this week that violated a UN resolution, as well as their continued work to overthrow foreign governments, pledge to wipe Israel off the map, chanting Death to America in their streets, and so much more. We need to pursue a stronger, more consistent foreign policy, which strengthens our relationships with our allies and treats our adversaries as our adversaries. Our enemies do not respect weakness, they only respect strength. We cannot be silent, not because we want war, but because we want to prevent it. This week, Congressman Zeldin joined with Congressmen Peter J. Roskam (R, IL-6), Leonard Lance (R, NJ-7), and Doug Lamborn (R, CO-5), co-chairs of the House Republican Israel Caucus, to introduce the Iran Nonnuclear Sanctions Act of 2017 (H.R.808), which targets the Islamic Republics support for terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile program, and restores sanctions to hold Iran accountable. You can read a copy of the bill text here . <N> Introduction Fetal cell microchimerism  is defined as the persistence of fetal cells in the mother for decades after pregnancy without any apparent rejection. Fetal microchimeric cells (fmcs) engraft the maternal bone marrow and are able to migrate through the circulation and to reach tissues. In malignancies, the possible role of fmcs is still controversial, several studies advising a protective and repairing function, and other postulating a beneficial role in the progression of the disease. At the peripheral blood level, FCM is less frequently observed in women with several solid and hematological neoplasia with respect to healthy controls, suggesting a beneficial role in cancer surveillance. At the tissue level, fmcs were documented in neoplastic lesions of thyroid, breast, cervix, lung and melanoma, displaying epithelial, hematopoietic, mesenchymal and endothelial lineage differentiation. Fmcs expressing hematopoietic markers were hypothesized to have a role in the attack to neoplastic cells, whereas those expressing epithelial or mesenchymal antigens could be involved in repair and replacement of damaged cells. On the other hand, fetal cells showing an endothelial phenotype could have a role in tumor evolution and progression. The positive effect of FCM is supported by findings in animal models. <N> This primer on stem cells is intended for anyone who wishes to learn more about the biological properties of stem cells, the important questions about stem cells that are the focus of scientific research, and the potential use of stem cells in research and in treating disease. The primer includes information about stem cells derived from embryonic and non-embryonic tissues. Much of the information included here is about stem cells derived from human tissues, but some studies of animal-derived stem cells are also described. The NIH developed this primer to help readers understand the answers to questions such as: What are stem cells? What are the different types of stem cells, and where do they come from? What is the potential for new medical treatments using stem cells? What research is needed to make such treatments a reality? This document provides basic information about stem cells. More detailed discussion is available from the NIH stem cell reports online at _LINKS_. Quick answers to specific common queries can be found on the Frequently Asked Questions page. Printable PDF version | Download Adobe Reader <N> Abstract Rare nucleated fetal cells circulate within maternal blood. Noninvasive prenatal diagnosis by isolation and genetic analysis of these cells is currently being undertaken. We sought to determine if genetic evidence existed for persistent circulation of fetal cells from prior pregnancies. Venous blood samples were obtained from 32 pregnant women and 8 nonpregnant women who had given birth to males 6 months to 27 years earlier. Mononuclear cells were sorted by flow cytometry using antibodies to CD antigens 3, 4, 5, 19, 23, 34, and 38. DNA within sorted cells, amplified by PCR for Y chromosome sequences, was considered predictive of a male fetus or evidence of persistent male fetal cells. In the 32 pregnancies, male DNA was detected in 13 of 19 women carrying a male fetus. In 4 of 13 pregnancies with female fetuses, male DNA was also detected. All of the 4 women had prior pregnancies; 2 of the 4 had prior males and the other 2 had terminations of pregnancy. In 6 of the 8 nonpregnant women, male DNA was detected in CD34+CD38+ cells, even in a woman who had her last son 27 years prior to blood sampling. Our data demonstrate the continued maternal circulation of fetal CD34+ or CD34+CD38+ cells from a prior pregnancy. The prolonged persistence of fetal progenitor cells may represent a human analogue of the microchimerism described in the mouse and may have significance in development of tolerance of the fetus. Pregnancy may thus establish a long-term, low-grade chimeric state in the human female. <N> Methods and Results: We report that fetal cells selectively home to injured maternal hearts and undergo differentiation into diverse cardiac lineages. Using enhanced green fluorescent protein (eGFP)-tagged fetuses, we demonstrate engraftment of multipotent fetal cells in injury zones of maternal hearts. In vivo, eGFP+ fetal cells form endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, and cardiomyocytes. In vitro, fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts recapitulate these differentiation pathways, additionally forming vascular tubes and beating cardiomyocytes in a fusion-independent manner; 40% of fetal cells in the maternal heart express Caudal-related homeobox2 (Cdx2), previously associated with trophoblast stem cells, thought to solely form placenta. To our knowledge, the phenomenon of fetal maternal stem cell transfer has never been explored in the realm of acute cardiac disease. One group has reported that cells of male fetus origin could be found in explanted hearts of 2 women with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy many years after a previous pregnancy. 17 This observational study did not determine whether the fetal cells contributed to the development of cardiomyopathy or if their presence represented an attempt at cardiac regeneration. Peripartum cardiomyopathy is known to have the highest recovery rate among all etiologies of heart failure. 18 These clinical observations have led us to hypothesize that fetal or placental cells that enter the maternal circulation may be recruited to the sites of myocardial disease or injury to assist in repair. Identification of the cell types implicated in this process could lead to the development of novel cell therapies for a broader spectrum of cardiovascular disease states. Furthermore, significant controversy exists in the field of stem cell biology as to whether a variety of stem cell types other than embryonic stem (ES) cells, can give rise to beating cardiomyocytes. Our study illustrates that experimental myocardial injury, induced in a pregnant mouse, triggers the flux of fetal cells via the maternal circulation into the injured heart where they undergo differentiation into diverse cardiac cell fates. Fetal cells isolated from the maternal heart undergo clonal expansion and can differentiate into beating cardiomyocytes in vitro. A significant proportion of the fetal cells homing to the heart express Caudal-related homeobox2 (Cdx2), 19 , 20 suggesting for the first time, that trophoblast stem cells are deserving of further investigations for their potential role in organ repair after acute injury. Fetal-maternal transfer of nucleated cells during pregnancy is a common phenomenon involving multiple cell types, some possessing multilineage potential, 3 , 4 and these cells appear transiently or persist for decades after delivery in some women. 5 The long-term survival of fetal CD34+ hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells, CD34+ and CD38+ lymphoid progenitors, CD3+ and CD14+ mononuclear cells, CD19+ and IgM+ B lymphocyte precursor cells, CD45+ cells, desmin+ and mesenchymal stem cells have been reported in maternal blood and tissues. 3 , 5  11 Fetal chimeric progenitor cells have been found in rodent brain, 12 and additionally, fetal cells with regenerative potential have been found in brain, liver, kidney, and lung injuries. 13  15 Fetal cells have also been found to participate in maternal neoangiogenesis during pregnancy at sites of skin inflammation. 16 Microchimerism results when two genetically disparate populations of cells appear in the same tissue, organ, or individual. 1 This can be due to transfusion of blood products, organ transplantation, or pregnancy. In this study, we refer to microchimerism derived from the bidirectional trafficking and stable long-term persistence of allogeneic fetal cells in the maternal host, a phenomenon that is common to many Eutheria. 1 Microchimeric cells can modify immunologic recognition or tolerance, affect the course and outcome of various diseases, and demonstrate stem celllike or regenerative properties. 2 Cardiac and skeletal muscle tissue was digested with pronase; solution was filtered through a 70-m mesh filter to remove residual tissue and underwent several spin cycles to obtain a cell suspension. Cells were sorted utilizing a MoFlo high speed cell sorter (Dako Cytomation, Carpinteria CA). Both eGFP+ (cells of fetal origin) and eGFP (cells of maternal origin) populations were collected. Data analysis was performed using FlowJo Software (Treestart, Ashland, OR). Analysis of specific cell markers on previously sorted eGFP+ cells was performed with the use of the BD LSR II (BD Biosciences, San Jose, CA). See Online Supplement Material for full antibody list. Maternal heart ventricular sections were fixed and incubated with primary antibody for 1 hour at room temperature, followed by secondary antibody for 1 hour at room temperature and counterstained with DAPI. Sections were then incubated with Sudan black (0.770% EtOH) and cover-slipped. See full list of antibodies in Online Supplement Material. Fluorescence in situ hybridization was performed with mouse DNA probes for chromosomes X and Y (see Online Supplement Material for details). As the eGFP+ cells were traversing through or derived from the placenta, we analyzed gene expression of known stemness factors in eGFP+ cells. We sorted eGFP+ cells from end-gestation placentas from three different pregnant mice that had been subjected to myocardial injury. RNA expression of 92 known pluripotency genes was analyzed (Online Table III), and gene expression relative to GAPDH expression for the most prevalent transcripts is plotted in Figure 6 B. These mRNA array studies confirmed the presence of Cdx2 and Eomesodermin (Eomes), 20 another marker of TS cells, in the eGFP+ placenta cells. Fetal cells selectively homing to injured maternal hearts express various stem cell markers, including Cdx2. A , eGFP+ fetal cells were sorted from maternal hearts 1 wk after injury. By using FACS analysis, we quantitated percentages of eGFP+ cells expressing various stem/progenitor cell surface markers and transcription factors. Quantitation for each marker was performed in triplicate, and mean percentage plus SEM was plotted as follows: Nkx2.5 79.698.08; CD31 46.408.77; Cdx2 38.395.70; Sca-1 20.730.80; c-Kit 25.392.99; Islet1 2.990.97; Pou5f1 1.970.82; Nanog 2.720.49; Sox2 23.521.85; CD34 14.902.97. B , eGFP+ cells were sorted from end-gestation placentas from 3 pregnant mice subjected to myocardial injury. RNA expression array of 92 pluripotency genes was performed; gene expression relative to GAPDH is plotted for genes with the highest expression levels. Of note, TS cell markers Cdx2 and Eomes are among genes with highest expression. To establish the identity of the cell type(s) involved in fetal maternal transfer, we analyzed FACS-sorted, eGFP+ cells isolated from maternal hearts 1 week after injury for stem/progenitor cell markers ( Figure 6 A). 80% of these cells expressed Nkx2.5, 23  25 implying that cardiomyogenic differentiation had begun as soon as these cells entered the injured maternal heart. Consistent with this, negligible expression of Nkx2.5 was found in eGFP+ cells isolated from end-gestation placentas from mice that had undergone cardiac injury (Online Table IV and Online Figure I). Additionally, 46% of cells homing to the maternal heart expressed CD31, 26 , 27 which was not surprising given the degree of fetal cell-mediated vasculogenesis we observed in injured maternal hearts. The next most common marker found was Cdx2 (38% of fetal cells). Cdx2 regulates trophoblast stem (TS) cell development and proliferation 19 , 20 and has never previously been associated with cardiomyogenic differentiation. The latter finding raises the possibility that in the setting of acute injury, TS cells from placenta can give rise to various cardiac lineages in addition to forming placenta. Fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts also displayed lower levels of several markers of endogenous cardiac progenitors, namely Sca-1 28 , 29 (21%), cKit 30 (25%) and Islet1 31 (3%), as well as ES cell markers Pou5f1 (2%), Nanog (3%), and Sox2 (24%). 32 , 33 The higher expression of Sox2 is consistent with its expression in non-ES cells as well. Finally, hematopoietic stem cell factor CD34 34 , 35 was expressed in 15% of the eGFP+ cells, which was not surprising as the placenta is a rich source of hematopoietic stem cells 36 ( Figure 6 A). Fetal cells selectively home to injured maternal hearts and not to noninjured organs and express various stem cell markers, including Cdx2. A , eGFP+ cells were sorted from cell suspensions prepared from various organs and tissues. B , Fetal cell numbers in injured heart and blood increased immediately after delivery. Representative FACS profiles are shown for eGFP+ cell sorting from injured heart and blood and noninjured organs with mean percentages of eGFP+ cells (minimum, n=3). Mean percentages of fetal cells plus SEM plotted for each organ as follows: MI heart = 1.100.90 before delivery (n=10) and 6.320.90 after delivery (n=19), P=0.001; blood = 1.340.81 before delivery (n=10) and 3.592.30 after delivery (n=15) P=NS; placenta = 35.611.47 after delivery (n=3). Very low to undetectable numbers are found for all other organs. To assess whether eGFP+ cells from the fetus were homing selectively to the injured heart, we used FACS to sort eGFP+ cells from a variety of organs and tissues harvested from pregnant mice subjected to cardiac injury. These organs and tissues were minced and triturated to generate cell suspensions ( Figure 5 A). Corresponding cell populations were obtained from age-matched pregnant WT female mice mated with WT males and used as controls to establish the appropriate FACS gates to select eGFP+ cells. Cells were isolated from the injured heart, blood, skeletal muscle, chest wall, eGFP littermates, liver, lung, and placenta. FACS to select eGFP+ cells was performed at 2 time points, 4.5 days after injury (before delivery) and 7 days after injury (after delivery) for all of these tissues except placenta (analyzed before delivery only) as it is resorbed by the mother in mice at time of delivery ( Figure 5 B). The low quantity of eGFP+ cells in all tissues, including injured heart, before 4.5 days after injury precluded any detailed phenotypic analyses. Therefore, it appears that mobilization of fetal cells in response to maternal injury takes approximately 4.5 days. In the injured heart, 1.1% of the cells were eGFP+ before delivery and this number rose significantly to 6.3% just after delivery. In blood, 1.3% of cells were eGFP+ before delivery and this number rose to 3.6% after delivery, although this increase was not statistically significant. Delivery therefore seems to cause the numbers of fetal cells entering the maternal circulation to rise, and this corresponds with a significant increase in fetal cells homing to the injured heart. There were negligible numbers of eGFP+ cells noted in skeletal muscle before and after delivery. The chest wall, where a lesser degree of injury was induced as an incision had to be performed to induce cardiac injury, exhibited a relatively smaller percentage of fetal cells compared with heart and blood. There was no increase in the number of fetal cells homing to the chest wall after delivery, likely due to healing in the 7 days after injury. EGFP littermates were also examined for the presence of eGFP+ cells. Although a few cells were noted before delivery, probably as the result of the shared circulation with the eGFP+ littermates, eGFP cells were not detected in these littermates after delivery. Liver and lung exhibited negligible numbers of fetal cells. As expected, placenta exhibited the largest percentage of eGFP cells with approximately 36% of placenta cells expressing eGFP. Overall, the results provide clear evidence for the selective and specific homing of eGFP+ fetal cells to the injured heart of the mother, and not to other noninjured maternal tissues ( Figure 5 B). To mechanistically assess whether fusion rather than differentiation was the cause of the appearance of eGFP+ cardiomyocytes in our in vitro assays, we analyzed the number of nuclei present within our fetal cell-derived cardiomyocytes and consistently noted that these cardiomyocytes were mononuclear ( Figure 4 B). In the first 2 panels of Figure 4 B, where only GFP and DAPI staining is seen, still pictures were taken from the Online Supplementary Movies that accompany this manuscript depicting the beating of these cells (Online Movies II and III). Furthermore, fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) for X- and Y-chromosomes revealed 1 set of sex chromosomes within the eGFP+ cardiomyocyte nuclei, establishing the diploid nature of these nuclei and effectively ruling out fusion between eGFP+ fetal cells and feeder cardiomyocytes as the source of eGFP+ cardiomyocytes ( Figure 4 C). The panels immediately beneath each figure depict only the nuclei of the cells, and as the X, Y probes exhibit fluorescence at different wavelengths (FITC: 520 nm, Cy3: 550 nm, respectively), their signals can be easily distinguished from the green fluorescence of the GFP (Alexa 488: 488 nm) and the secondary antibody to cardiac troponin T (Texas Red: 568 nm). The ease of detecting tetraploid nuclei with this assay is shown in the last panel of Figure 4 C depicting cells that were found in a region where GFP cells were not detected. Fetal cells exhibit clonality and undergo cardiac differentiation in a fusion-independent manner. A , Single-cell sorting of eGFP+ fetal cells from maternal hearts into 96-well plates demonstrates clonal expansion with a clonal efficiency of 8.3% on feeder cell layers made with WT neonatal cardiomyocytes. B , Cardiomyocytes derived in vitro from fetal cells isolated from maternal heart are mononuclear. C , Fetal cell-derived cardiomyocytes have diploid nuclei, with one set of sex chromosomes detected per cell. The first two panels depict eGFP+ cells (488 nm) that differentiated into cardiomyocytes as determined with cTNT staining (568 nm). The panels immediately beneath them depict the same cells with different red and green wavelength filters to detect the X chromosome (520 nm) and the Y chromosome (550 nm). The last panel demonstrates a tetraploid nucleus in a non-eGFP cell. Clonal analysis was performed to confirm the stemness of the fetal cells giving rise to cardiac cells ( Figure 4 A). FACS for eGFP+ cells was performed and single cells were seeded in 96-well plates containing WT neonatal cardiomyocytes as feeders. Clones derived from eGFP+ fetal cells were expanded for 14 days and total clones counted in each colony. Two 96-well plates were used, and 4 wells in each plate gave rise to colonies after 7 days (approximately 50% of the wells in each plate contained viable cells at this time point), yielding an approximate cloning efficiency of 8.3%. In vitro behavior of eGFP+ cells isolated from maternal hearts. A , In vitro analysis of fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts demonstrates clonal expansion on CMFs. 14 days after plating, vascular tube formation is noted in a 3-dimensional collagen matrix. B , Fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts and plated on CMFs undergo differentiation into smooth muscle cells (-SMA) and endothelial cells (CD31). C , Vascular tube formation is noted from fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts and plated on CMFs with expression of -SMA and CD31. D , Fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts and plated on cyclin A2 neonatal cardiomyocytes differentiate into beating cardiomyocytes (Online Movies I, IA, Online Movie still image IB, and Online Movies II and III). E , Cardiomyocytes arising from fetal cells isolated from maternal hearts express cardiac troponin T (cTnT) and connexin 43 (Cx43). We next used fluorescence activated cell sorting (FACS) to isolate fetal eGFP+ cells that had homed to maternal hearts and analyzed their in vitro behavior. When plated on CMFs, we noted clonal expansion of the fetal cells ( Figure 3 A), their differentiation into smooth muscle cells ( Figure 3 B) and endothelial cells ( Figure 3 B), and the formation of vascular structures ( Figure 3 A and 3 C). Other unidentified cellular phenotypes were also observed in these in vitro experiments with CMFs (data not shown). Because we did not observe differentiation of fetal cells into cardiomyocytes on CMFs, we used cardiomyocytes isolated from neonatal cyclin A2 transgenic mice 21 as feeders. When plated on these feeders with standard medium consisting of DMEM supplemented with FBS, the isolated eGFP+ fetal cells differentiated into spontaneously beating cardiomyocytes (48 bpm, Figure 3 D and Online Supplement Movies SI, SIA, Movie Still Image SIB, and Movies SII and SIII). The resulting lineages also expressed cardiac troponin T ( Figure 3 E). Further analysis of eGFP+ fetal cells cultured for 5 weeks in chamber slides indicated expression of the gap junction marker connexin 43 ( Figure 3 E). This provides compelling evidence for formation of electromechanical connections between the cardiomyocytes derived from eGFP+ fetal cells and the feeder cardiomyocytes. Spectral profiles were obtained from paraffin-embedded ventricular tissue sections of infarcted maternal hearts. This measure was taken, in addition to the use of Sudan black, to ensure that native autofluorescence of cardiomyocytes was not affecting fluorescence images. A representative section is depicted in Figure 2 B, and the mean intensities of the spectral scans for this section are plotted versus wavelength in Figure 2 C. The mean intensities of the sample regions are significantly higher than the mean intensities of the control regions. Fetal cells differentiate into diverse cardiac lineages after homing to maternal heart. A , In vivo analysis demonstrates that fetal cells (eGFP+) differentiate into cardiomyocytes expressing -sarcomeric actin (-sarc) and -actinin, smooth muscle cells expressing -smooth muscle actin (-SMA), and endothelial cells expressing CD31 and VE-cadherin (VE-cad). B , Paraffin-embedded ventricular sections obtained from infarcted hearts of pregnant mice 1 wk after injury; stained with rabbit anti-GFP primary antibody and donkey anti-rabbit Alexa Fluor 568 secondary antibody. Circled regions represent regions of interest (ROIs) 16 that were subjected to spectral scanning. C , Mean intensities of the spectral profiles from ROIs 16, where ROI 1, 2, and 6 are control areas and ROI 3, 4, and 5 represent eGFP+ cells. In a separate group of infarcted and control mice, immunofluorescence analysis with confocal microscopy was utilized to detect eGFP+ cells in ventricular tissue sections of maternal hearts at various time points subsequent to myocardial injury ( Figure 1 B and 1 D). EGFP+ cells were noted in infarct zones and peri-infarct zones of infarcted maternal hearts at 1, 2, 3, or 4 weeks after MI ( Figure 1 D and Online Table II, A). Negligible numbers of eGFP cells were noted in noninfarct zones of the infarcted maternal hearts (Online Table II, B). We further sought to determine whether the eGFP+ cells were differentiating into more mature cardiac cells as we noted a decrease in nuclear to cytoplasmic ratio with an increase in postinjury time ( Figure 1 D). At 3 and 4 weeks after MI, eGFP+ cells observed in the infarct zones of maternal hearts also expressed markers of cardiomyocytes (-sarcomeric actin and -actinin), smooth muscle cells (-smooth muscle actin), and endothelial cells (CD31 and VE-cadherin) ( Figure 2 A). At 3 weeks after MI, 50% of all eGFP-positive nuclei belonged to cells that also stained positive for -actinin, implying that 50% of eGFP cells homing to the heart may have differentiated to cardiomyocytes (Online Table II, C). These results suggest that fetal cells differentiated into diverse lineages within maternal cardiac tissue. Initially, we quantified eGFP expression in injured maternal hearts relative to sham-operated pregnant mice and controls in which no injury was induced. Postpartum females were euthanized at 1 or 2 weeks after MI. Total DNA was extracted from each total heart and eGFP expression analyzed 22 ( Figure 1 B). Infarcted hearts harvested at 1 week after MI contained 120 times more eGFP than controls (P=0.0003) and 20 times more eGFP than shams (P=0.0027). Infarcted hearts harvested at 2 weeks after MI contained 12 times more eGFP than controls (P=0.0001) and 8 times more eGFP than shams (P=0.0001) ( Figure 1 C). The absolute numbers of eGFP cells in control, sham-operated, and MI hearts were also computed based on quantitative PCR (Online Table I), and 1.7% of the total heart at 2 weeks after injury was composed of eGFP cells. Experimental model and tracking of eGFP+ fetal cells in maternal heart. A , Schematic of the experimental protocol. B , Mice were killed at several time points for molecular and cellular analyses to track eGFP+ cells in maternal hearts and to assess their differentiation pathways. C , Quantitative PCR demonstrates significantly greater levels of eGFP expression in pregnant mice subjected to cardiac injury (1 wk = 120.017.0; 2 wks = 12.01.6; n=3) compared with shams (1 wk = 6.01.7; 2 wks = 1.60.4; n=3) and noninfarcted controls (1 wk = 1.00.6; 2 wks = 1.00.7; n=3). Error bars are SEM. D , Ventricular sections from maternal hearts analyzed at 1, 2, 3, and 4 wks postinjury illustrate eGFP+ cells engrafting within infarct and periinfarct zones. Fetal cells are positive for eGFP (bright green), nuclei are stained with DAPI, and light green background fluorescence is noted in maternal cardiomyocytes. Discussion The selective homing of eGFP+ cells in our model to the site of maternal cardiac injury with lack of such homing to noninjured tissues points to the presence of precise signals sensed by cells of fetal origin that enable them to target diseased myocardium specifically and to differentiate into diverse cardiac lineages (Figure 7). Most notable is their differentiation into functional cardiomyocytes that are able to beat in syncytium with neighboring cardiomyocytes (Online Movie I, IA, and Movie Still Image IB), thus potentially uncovering an evolutionary mechanism whereby the fetus assists in protecting the mother's heart during and after pregnancy. These studies were inspired by the recovery noted in peripartum cardiomyopathy, whereby a remarkable 50% of women recover from heart failure spontaneously.3739 Peripartum cardiomyopathy has the highest rate of recovery among all etiologies of heart failure,18 and the reasons for this high rate of recovery are not understood. In fact, it was this very observation that prompted us to hypothesize that there might be a fetal or placental contribution to counteract maternal cardiac injury. Our mouse injury model is not a precise representation of peripartum cardiomyopathy, rather, it is a model system of murine fetomaternal microchimerism that can help identify appropriate cell types for cardiac regeneration. Figure 7. Model depicting trafficking of cells from fetus across placenta into maternal circulation to injury and periinjury zones of the maternal heart. Cells of fetal origin engraft within maternal heart and give rise to diverse cardiac lineages, including cardiomyocytes, smooth muscle cells, and endothelial cells. To this end, a far greater spectrum of potential applications to the field of heart disease emerges from these studies. The challenge of cardiovascular regenerative medicine is to develop novel therapeutic strategies to facilitate regeneration of normally functioning cardiomyocytes in the diseased heart. Thus, many investigators have explored a myriad of approaches in the last decade, many of which we have recently reviewed.40 Despite investigations with a wide variety of cell types as candidates to attain this goal, the results of stem cell transplantation are somewhat ambiguous and the ideal cell type has yet to be established. The use of bone marrow cells to regenerate infarcted myocardium has been investigated in numerous studies since the initial findings of Orlic et al.41 Currently, however, a consensus has emerged that the ability of bone marrowderived stem cells to differentiate into cardiomyocytes is questionable. Less controversy surrounds evidence from several groups demonstrating that ES cells4245 and endogenous populations of cardiac stem cells28,30,31,46,47 have replicative and potentially regenerative capacities. Despite promising results with ES cells, there are ethical issues regarding the use of embryonic material as well as the tendency of ES cells to form teratomas.42 Native cardiac progenitors, left in their natural milieu at their naturally occurring frequency, are clearly inadequate in reversing the downward spiral of events culminating in heart failure. Many of these progenitor types have not been reported to differentiate to functional beating cardiomyocytes when tested ex vivo. Utilizing live imaging, we have demonstrated that fetal cells differentiate into spontaneously beating cardiomyocytes after homing to the heart. The demonstration of spontaneous beating ex vivo has been a major stumbling block in the field. Coculture with neonatal cardiomyocytes was necessary in our study to induce beating, but we did not find any examples of nuclear fusion among the cardiomyocytes that were also GFP-positive. We cannot rule out transient cell fusion as described by Dimmeler et al,48 but they noted that the nanotubular structures underlying these intercellular connections had declined by 48 hours after coculture. We did not observe any beating GFP+ cells until at least 4 weeks after coculture, implying that true differentiation took place. Further studies and perhaps novel methods are needed to surmount these challenges in ascertaining true differentiation. Our identification of Cdx2 as a unique and highly prevalent marker expressed on fetal cells in the maternal myocardium offers a new perspective regarding the appropriate cell type that might achieve these aims. The Cdx family of transcription factors consists of 3 mouse homologues (Cdx 1, 2, and 4) of the Drosophila caudal homeobox genes, which are involved in specifying cell position along the anteroposterior axis, with similar functions in the later developmental stages of the mouse embryo20,49 as well as morphological specification of murine gut endoderm.50,51 Cdx2 is also required for trophectoderm fate commitment in the developing blastocyst.19,20,52 The trophectoderm gives rise to the trophoblast stem cells which have previously been associated solely with differentiation to the placenta lineage.53,54 Bianchi et al found that fetal cells that traffic to maternal blood and organs comprise a mixed population of progenitor and differentiated cells, with different relative proportions in different maternal organs3 in a study that was performed in the noninjured state. In accordance with prior studies demonstrating a variety of different phenotypes in fetal microchimeric cells, our results also point toward the transfer of several populations of progenitor cells, but our finding of Cdx2 cells of fetal or placental origin in the heart may have uncovered a novel cell type that is capable of cardiac differentiation under injury conditions that can be readily isolated from placenta. <N> The transfer and persistence of fetal progenitor cells into the mother throughout pregnancy has sparked considerable interest as a trafficking stem cell and immunological phenomenon. Indeed, the intriguing longevity of semi-allogeneic fetal microchimeric cells (FMC) in parous women raises questions over their potential clinical implications. FMC have been associated with both immune-modulatory roles and participation in maternal tissue repair. Although their influence on maternal health is as yet unresolved, FMC selectively home to damaged maternal tissues and often integrate, adopting site-appropriate phenotypes. FMC features, such as plasticity and persistence in their maternal host, suggest that they likely include pluripotent, or various multipotent and committed stem and progenitor cells. Recent efforts to determine what cell types are involved have established that FMC include cells of ectodermal, endodermal, mesodermal, and perhaps trophectodermal lineages. This review details FMC phenotypes and discusses how FMC themselves may be considered a naturally occurring stem cell therapy. <N> Story highlights "I'm not going to have time to go play golf," Trump said Trump made Obama's golfing a staple of his 2016 critique West Palm Beach (CNN) President Donald Trump has made visiting his Florida golf courses a near every-weekend habit in the first month of his administration, and his aides are trying to obscure whether Trump is actually golfing during the visits. One possible reason: Trump was a frequent and vocal critic of President Barack Obama's golf habit, regularly slamming the former president for playing golf with many pressing issues before the country. Trump even suggested during a 2016 event in Virginia, in a knock on Obama, that if elected he was "not going to have time to go play golf." "I'm going to be working for you, I'm not going to have time to go play golf," Trump said at the time. Trump has visited his two golf courses near his Mar-a-Lago estate -- Trump International Golf Course in West Palm Beach and Trump National Golf Course in Jupiter -- six times in his first month in office. Aides would not confirm that Trump played golf each time, but through a series of social media posts and interviews with the professional golfers who joined him, it is clear the President golfed during most of these visits. By comparison, Obama played his first round of golf as President on April 26, 2009, at Andrews Air Force Base. Read More <N> The latest on President Obama, Congress and other political news from Washington -- and around the nation -- from the staff of The New York Times. Archive Select Month September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 Recent Posts The Caucus Ends Its Campaign The Caucus on Monday suspended its campaign. Follow First Draft, a fast-paced political briefing on all things Washington and elections. Read more Sunday Breakfast Menu, Sept. 21 Congress approved funding for equipping Syrian rebels against Islamic States and lawmakers will discuss their votes on several of the Sunday shows.Read more Sunday Breakfast Menu, Sept. 14 President Obama vowed to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIS in a speech he gave on Wednesday. Lawmakers and analysts will discuss his strategy on the Sunday shows. Read more Sunday Breakfast Menu, Sept. 7 Lawmakers will weigh in on President Obamas international coalition to fight Islamist militants.Read more <N> In the last hours of his presidency, it's time we pause to celebrate Barack Obama's many admirable qualities: his eloquence, his measured temperament, his nimble grasp of complex issues. At Golf Digest, it only makes sense that we also commend him for his deep commitment to supporting the golf industry. And to be clear, we're not talking about signing legislation for golf, or giving props to the likes of the late Arnold Palmer. Rather, we're just talking about a guy who played a fairly remarkable amount of golf while in office. RELATED: What Barack Obama's clubs say about his game Although Obama's golf passion has been a popular target of conservative critics during his term, the extent of his passion really comes into focus when comparing his habits to national averages. With that in mind, let's take a closer look: Obama played 306 rounds while in office, a healthy amount, but well short of the estimated 1,200 rounds Woodrow Wilson played during his term, or the 800 rounds that Dwight Eisenhower played as POTUS. Still, it's more than his immediate predecessors George W. Bush or Bill Clinton, both of whom were golfers as well. The 306 rounds over eight years averages out to a little more than 38 rounds a year, which is well above the national average of 19.3, according to figures provided by the National Golf Foundation (NGF). Obama falls into the category of the "avid golfer," which the NGF defines as golfers who play more than 25 rounds a year. Only 2.1 percent of the entire US population is an avid golfer, and only 25.6 percent of golfers play that often. At least compared to other avid golfers, Obama isn't particularly crazy. The average avid golfer plays 56 rounds a year, a number Obama matched just once, in 2014, according to the website ObamaGolfCounter.com. Then again, you think of most avid golfers as retired or with an inordinate amount of free time on their hands, not necessarily leading the free world. Speaking of Obama's frenetic schedule as Commander-in-Chief, it's worth noting that he stepped up his playing considerably in his second term, averaging 47.5 rounds between 2013-16, compared to 27 rounds in the previous terms. Not surprisingly, Obama's quietest year on the course was 2012, which was the year he was asking the American public if he could keep his job. So as we say goodbye to No. 44 and welcome that other guy who knows a little something about the game , let's thank him for supporting our game even under times of duress. Three hundred-plus rounds is not just a lot of hours logged on the course. That's a lot of balls, tees, and hastily-eaten hot dogs at the turn. We expect you to really ramp it up now that you've gotten rid of your day job. RELATED: Photos of Obama playing golf WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS <N> Two bad holes derailed Brittany Lincicome in her historic start Thursday at the Barbasol Championship, but they couldnt wipe the smile off her face afterward. It might have been the most fun she ever had shooting a 78. Lincicome joined Babe Zaharias, Shirley Spork, Annika Sorenstam, Suzy Whaley and Michelle Wie as the only women to tee it up in a PGA Tour event when she striped her opening tee shot down the middle Thursday at Keene Trace Golf Club in Nicholasville, Ky. A double bogey at her ninth hole and a triple at her 16th might have spoiled her chances at joining Zaharias as the only women to make a 36-hole cut in a PGA Tour event, but it didnt spoil her experience. I did what I wanted to do, with having fun, Lincicome said. I think I nailed that part pretty well. I love playing with the guys. It's so much fun, being inside the ropes with them. Hopefully, I can get a good one tomorrow. Lincicome, 32, held her own for 16 holes, playing them in 1 over par, but those two big numbers left her tied for last place when she signed her scorecard, though other players remained on the course. At 6 over, Lincicome is 13 shots behind the leader, probably seven or eight shots off the projected cut line, but she savored the experience. She arrived wanting to inspire young girls to dream big, and to bring some extra attention to a title sponsor who means so much to her. She represents Pure Silk, part of the Barbasol family. Sam Ryder, who joined Conrad Shindler playing alongside Lincicome, was impressed with the way Lincicome carried herself. I would play with her every day if she wanted to, said Ryder, who opened with a 68. She's just a great person. Even though I know she's probably a little disappointed with her final score, she had a smile on her face all day. Lincicome, an eight-time LPGA winner, made her first birdie at her 12th hole, dropping a 30-foot putt, but she wasnt happy with her putter much of the day. She missed three other good birdie chances, a 4-footer at her eighth hole, an 8-footer at her 10th and a 12-footer at the last. Pretty happy with my game overall, Lincicome said. I had two bad holes, but I drove it well. I did all the things I said I needed to do, but my putter let me down today. After piping her first drive, Lincicome opened with three consecutive pars. I was actually calmer than I thought I was going to be, she said. I thought I was going to be a nervous wreck. After the first tee shot, I was pretty happy that I found the fairway. Lincicome said Ryder and Shindler made her feel welcome. So did the crowds. It was great, she said. I could feel the energy of the crowd support me. Every time I hit a good driver or good shot, they would cheer for me, which was great. Conrad and Sam were so nice. I couldn't have asked for a better pairing. They were very welcoming, and we were interacting, they were asking me questions, and it was great. On Tuesday, Lincicome said a key to her play would be hitting fairways. She did that, hitting 10 of 14, but she was taking in longer clubs than she does in LPGA events, with Keene Trace set up at 7,168 yards. Thats 600 yards longer than she played last week at the LPGAs Marathon Classic, where she finished second. She hit just 8 greens in regulation in this PGA Tour start. Lincicome is nicknamed Bam Bam. She is one of the LPGAs longest drivers, but she was typically 30 to 40 yards behind Ryder and Shindler after hitting her driver. She averaged 259 yards per drive, Ryder 289 yards. She had a couple birdie putts that she could have made, Ryder said. If she made a couple of those, might've been a little bit different, just to get a little bit of momentum. Who knows? Lincicomes biggest challenges were the par 3s. At the 18th, playing 195 yards, she mis-hit her tee shot, knocking it in the water, short of the green. She took a penalty, moved up to a forward tee, dropped and hit into a right greenside bunker. She got up and down from there for a 5. At the seventh, playing 198 yards, she missed wild right and deep. From a tough spot in the rough, she left her pitch short of the green. She chipped her third past the hole and to the fringe, where she took three putts from 20 feet. Afterward, Lincicome wasnt dwelling on the bad shots. She was focused on going to sign autographs for all the fans waiting for her, including all the little girls who came out to see her. I need to go back over there and sign, she said. Any time I can influence a child, especially a girl, obviously I want to get them involved with the LPGA, as much as possible. Her overall assessment of her day? It was a great experience, she said. <N> Text smaller Text bigger We have all heard it said many times that America is a land of immigrants, some voluntary and some involuntary, but immigrants nevertheless. We have plenty of space in our country, but insufficient resources to support everyone who wants to come here. When we see innocent children used as political pawns, it still tugs at our heartstrings, which is the desired intent. The real question is: What are we going to do about it? Immigration reform has been a very tough issue, as well as a political football, and it has produced governmental stalemates and no useful solutions for decades. President Obamas decision to act unilaterally outside of Congress is not the answer. Instead, Congress must use its lawmaking powers to fix a system that is so broken that only a legislative solution can fix it. The lack of policy progress has been incredibly frustrating, and the humanitarian border crisis this summer only highlighted how badly we need a system that deals efficiently and effectively with both illegal and legal immigration. It is time for Congress to act and to do so in a bipartisan fashion that engenders the confidence of the American people. There are many common-sense prescriptions within reach of our government. It is time to seize them. To begin to solve this problem, we must first have some understanding of why it exists. Despite all of its problems, America is still the place of dreams. As such, it is small wonder that so many from other nations would like to live here. Right now, we have very porous borders and unenthusiastic and inconsistent enforcement of immigration laws. Further incentives for illegal immigration are easy enrollment in public schools, easy employment for those willing to take jobs others dont want, easy access to health care and easy acquisition of public support through welfare programs. Yet this population cannot participate in the formal workforce, which means they cannot contribute fully to their local economies. Any discussion of immigration reform should include bipartisan solutions that both address the undocumented population here today and discourage illegal immigration going forward. If these issues are not addressed, solutions will fall short. On the other hand, if all of these issues are addressed firmly and consistently, we can uphold the rule of law and discourage further illegal immigration. Detractors will say that if it were that simple, it already would have been done and we wouldnt be having this discussion. What they fail to account for is the fact that the issues have not been addressed. A national guest-worker program makes sense and seems to work well in Canada. Non-citizens would have to apply for a guest-worker permit and have a guaranteed job awaiting them. Taxes would be paid at a rate commensurate with other U.S. workers, and special visas would allow for easy entry and egress across borders. Guest-worker status would be granted to individuals and not to groups. People already here illegally could apply for guest-worker status from outside of the country. This means they would have to leave first. They should in no way be rewarded for having broken our laws, but if they are wise, they will arrange with their employer before they leave to immediately offer them a legal job as soon as their application is received. When they return, they still would not be U.S. citizens, but they would be legal, and they would be paying taxes. Only jobs that are vacant as a result of a lack of interest by American citizens should be eligible for the guest-worker program. In return for greater certainty on immigration, employers must bear some responsibility for making sure that no illegal immigrants are hired. Employers who break the rules should receive swift, severe and consistent punishment that constitutes a real deterrent and not a mere inconvenience. A second infraction should be a criminal offense and treated as such. All of this is irrelevant unless we have secure borders. There is much that can be learned from security personnel in prisons and other secured facilities, and there is a great deal of smart technology that can be employed to achieve secure borders. It is a matter of will rather than ability. As long as we reward people who break laws, they will continue to break laws. We do need a continual flow of immigrants, but choosers need not be beggars. We make decisions based on our needs. People who refuse to comply with the rules must forfeit chances of legalization in the future. Anyone caught involved in voter fraud should be immediately deported and have his citizenship revoked. The point is this: We must create a system that disincentivizes illegal immigration and upholds the rule of law while providing us with a steady stream of immigrants from other nations who will strengthen our society. Lets solve the problem and stop playing political football. Receive Ben Carson commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Ben Carson alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name * First Last Email * Where we will email your daily updates Postal code * A valid zip code or postal code is required <N> Text smaller Text bigger We have all heard it said many times that America is a land of immigrants, some voluntary and some involuntary, but immigrants nevertheless. We have plenty of space in our country, but insufficient resources to support everyone who wants to come here. When we see innocent children used as political pawns, it still tugs at our heartstrings, which is the desired intent. The real question is: What are we going to do about it? Immigration reform has been a very tough issue, as well as a political football, and it has produced governmental stalemates and no useful solutions for decades. President Obamas decision to act unilaterally outside of Congress is not the answer. Instead, Congress must use its lawmaking powers to fix a system that is so broken that only a legislative solution can fix it. The lack of policy progress has been incredibly frustrating, and the humanitarian border crisis this summer only highlighted how badly we need a system that deals efficiently and effectively with both illegal and legal immigration. It is time for Congress to act and to do so in a bipartisan fashion that engenders the confidence of the American people. There are many common-sense prescriptions within reach of our government. It is time to seize them. To begin to solve this problem, we must first have some understanding of why it exists. Despite all of its problems, America is still the place of dreams. As such, it is small wonder that so many from other nations would like to live here. Right now, we have very porous borders and unenthusiastic and inconsistent enforcement of immigration laws. Further incentives for illegal immigration are easy enrollment in public schools, easy employment for those willing to take jobs others dont want, easy access to health care and easy acquisition of public support through welfare programs. Yet this population cannot participate in the formal workforce, which means they cannot contribute fully to their local economies. Any discussion of immigration reform should include bipartisan solutions that both address the undocumented population here today and discourage illegal immigration going forward. If these issues are not addressed, solutions will fall short. On the other hand, if all of these issues are addressed firmly and consistently, we can uphold the rule of law and discourage further illegal immigration. Detractors will say that if it were that simple, it already would have been done and we wouldnt be having this discussion. What they fail to account for is the fact that the issues have not been addressed. A national guest-worker program makes sense and seems to work well in Canada. Non-citizens would have to apply for a guest-worker permit and have a guaranteed job awaiting them. Taxes would be paid at a rate commensurate with other U.S. workers, and special visas would allow for easy entry and egress across borders. Guest-worker status would be granted to individuals and not to groups. People already here illegally could apply for guest-worker status from outside of the country. This means they would have to leave first. They should in no way be rewarded for having broken our laws, but if they are wise, they will arrange with their employer before they leave to immediately offer them a legal job as soon as their application is received. When they return, they still would not be U.S. citizens, but they would be legal, and they would be paying taxes. Only jobs that are vacant as a result of a lack of interest by American citizens should be eligible for the guest-worker program. In return for greater certainty on immigration, employers must bear some responsibility for making sure that no illegal immigrants are hired. Employers who break the rules should receive swift, severe and consistent punishment that constitutes a real deterrent and not a mere inconvenience. A second infraction should be a criminal offense and be treated as such. All of this is irrelevant unless we have secure borders. There is much that can be learned from security personnel in prisons and other secured facilities, and there is a great deal of smart technology that can be employed to achieve secure borders. It is a matter of will rather than ability. As long as we reward people who break laws, they will continue to break laws. We do need a continual flow of immigrants, but choosers need not be beggars. We make decisions based on our needs. People who refuse to comply with the rules must forfeit chances of legalization in the future. The point is this: We must create a system that disincentivizes illegal immigration and upholds the rule of law while providing us with a steady stream of immigrants from other nations who will strengthen our society. Lets solve the problem and stop playing political football. Receive Ben Carson commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Ben Carson alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name * First Last Email * Where we will email your daily updates Postal code * A valid zip code or postal code is required <N> Ben Carson, the pediatric neurosurgeon and conservative darling who looks to be gearing up for a long-shot 2016 presidential run, has some thoughts about voter fraud. Anyone caught involved in voter fraud should be immediately deported and have his citizenship revoked, Carson wrote in a column on immigration reform for the far-right site WND.com. Of course, Carsons edict doesnt make sense: If these are non-citizens, as the context suggests, how can they have their citizenship revoked? If theyre citizens, where are they being deported to? But this is hardly the first wacky pronouncement Carson has made. From comparing modern America to Nazi Germany and Obamacare to slavery, heres a quick rundown of some of his crazier comments: Obamacare is really, I think, the worst thing that has happened in this nation since slavery, Carson said at the Values Voter Summit last year. It is slavery, in a way. said Read Mein Kampf , and read the works of Vladimir Lenin, if you want to understand Obamas plan for America, Carson said in a recent interview with Newsmax. Mein Kampf , of course, was the Nazi manifesto written by Adolf Hitler a decade before he took power. Mein Kampf recent interview Mein Kampf America today is very much like Nazi Germany, Carson said in March. You know, you had a government using its tools to intimidate the population. We now live in a society where people are afraid to say what they actually believe. said If Democrats remain in control of the Senate, there may be so much anarchy going on in 2016 that elections cant be held, Carson told Alan Colmes in September. told Alan Colmes I think most people when they finish that course, theyd be ready to go sign up for ISIS, Carson said of an AP history curriculum that conservatives say is anti-American. Carson said Whats happening with the veterans is a gift from God, Carson said earlier this year on Fox about the VA health care scandal, in which some vets waited over a year for hospital beds. Carson argued the scandal was welcome because it demonstrated the evils of big government running health care. said Carson lamented to WNC.com this summer that people he meets on the street dont know about the Benghazi embassy attack controversy. And these people vote. Thats the sad thing, he added. Should be a fun campaign! <N> On 20 January 2017, the life and post-war experiences of comics icon Jack Kirby received renewed public attention following a physical attack against white nationalist Richard Spencer. Fans of Kirby (born Jacob Kurtzberg) pointed to his service in World War II and post-war anecdotes to argue that it was justified for Spencer to be punched in the face while giving an interview on 20 January 2017, an incident that quickly quickly spread online. Randolph Hoppe, the treasurer and acting director for the Jack Kirby Museum and Research Center, described the writer and artist in an email to Snopes.com as a New Deal Liberal Democrat and avid boxer who trained in judo in preparation to see active duty in World War II: Unlike other comic book creators who were given either stateside or way-behind-lines assignments, and perhaps because Kirby understood Yiddish, the Jewish German dialect spoken by his family, he was sent as a scout behind enemy lines to draw maps. He endured and survived many harrowing violent experiences during his service, almost losing his feet to trench foot. He had no time for fascists or racists. We asked Hoppe whether Kirby would support punching Nazis on the streets. He has yet to respond. However, Kirby did not shy away from the idea during an interview originally published in The Comics Journal in 1990; when asked by interviewer Gary Groth if he felt the the 1954 Senate Subcommittee Hearings into Juvenile Delinquency were a witch-hunt, Kirby said: I didnt feel one way or another about it. I was only hoping that it would come out well enough to continue comics, that it wouldnt damage comics in anyway, so I could continue working. I was a young man. I was still growing out of the East Side. The only real politics I knew was that if a guy liked Hitler, Id beat the stuffing out of him and that would be it. Also, the cover for Captain America #1, drawn by Kirby and co-creator Joe Simon, shows the character (a.k.a. Steve Rogers) punching Adolf Hitler: A biography of Kirby republished by the museum expanded on the reasoning behind depicting Rogers as an explicitly anti-Nazi character: The decision to use Hitler as the central villain demanded that the crimes be realistically evil rather than theatrical scene chewing, and the heroics had to be equally driven. From the very first story the villain murdered a scientist, saboteurs blew up and killed innocents, and the Red Skull assassinated military personnel. Captain America was not designed to bring these criminals to justice, or to help bad people change their ways. Cap was not a cop; he was created to destroy this evil, to wipe it off the face of this Earth. Cap did not debate the morality of an eye for an eye, or worry about the philosophical ramifications of his actions, his job was to affect an almost Biblical retribution on those who would destroy us. Captain America was an elemental remedy to a primal malevolence. He was Patton in a tri-colored costume. It also recounted Kirbys response to a violent threat against him at his workplace: On occasion the Timely office would get phone calls and letters from Nazi sympathizers threatening the creators of Captain America. Once, while Jack was in the Timely office, a call came from someone in the lobby. When Kirby answered, the caller threatened Jack with bodily harm if he showed his face. Kirby told the caller he would be right down, but by the time Jack reached street level, there was no one to be found. Another biography of Kirby, Mark Evaniers Kirby: King of Comics, also recounted this story, adding: Years later, [Kirby] told an interviewer, I once got a letter from a Nazi who told me to pick out any lamppost I wanted on Times Square, because when Hitler arrived, theyd hang me from it. It was typical of a genre of fans who have long since died out. An anecdote about Kirby by another famed comics artist, Stan Sakai, was also circulated online: Fantagraphics Books confirmed on 24 January 2017 that Sakais anecdote was published in Michael Dean and Tom Spurgeons book We Told You So: Comics as Art. As the Daily Beast reported, Kirby also worked anti-fascism themes into another series he created, The Forever People, which depicted a crowd of people hailing the evil herald Glorious Godfrey under a quote from Adolf Hitler: Comics fans also highlighted Kirbys anti-Nazi worldview following online remarks from the current Captain America writer, Nick Spencer (no relation to Richard), who is currently writing a story in which the original Captain, Steve Rogers, is revealed to have been manipulated by Nazi supervillain the Red Skull into acting as a sleeper agent for the terrorist group Hydra. Nick Spencer commented on the incident on Twitter: Today is difficult, but cheering violence against speech, even of the most detestable, disgusting variety, is not a look that will age well.  Nick Spencer (@nickspencer) January 20, 2017 That, in turn, prompted accusations that he was defending Richard Spencers white-supremacist views, which he denied. Comics news site BleedingCool.com also highlighted a 1982 issue of the comic, written by J.M. DeMatteis and Mike Zeck, in which Rogers defends a Nazi characters right to public speech after hes attacked by a Jewish character. In the process, Rogers berates both combatants: <N> Most readers will be familiar with Hitlers infamous quote, regularly presented to back up the notion that fascists must be physically smashed when theyre still small: Only one thing could have stopped our movement  if our adversaries had understood its principle and from the first day smashed with the utmost brutality the nucleus of our new movement. The first time I personally heard these words was in Bash the Fash, a 1994 song by the anarcho-punk band Oi Polloi. I have since been confronted with it countless times in political meetings, anti-fascist pamphlets, etc. Every time, I respond that Hitler might have been a crafty politician, but that he was certainly no great historian. The fact that the quote only ever appears in anti-fascist agitprop and an exact source is never produced made me wonder. Some websites claim that Hitler wrote these words in 1934, but they do not specify where. Others attribute them to a speech given at the August 1939 party rally in Nuremberg, yet no available documents of that event  which was largely dedicated to revving up the armed forces for the imminent war  contain it. For some time, the earliest source I could find was David Edgars 1976 play about the National Front, Destiny. At the end of the play, a voice meant to be Hitlers is heard delivering it in English language. After a pause, the voice states: Hitler, Nuremberg, third of September 1933. Finally, I found a scan of Die Reden Hitlers am Reichsparteitag 1933, a 1934 Nazi book that contains complete transcripts of all speeches given by Hitler at Nuremberg in the previous year. It turned out that Hitler had employed a variation of the infamous phrase. Find below my translation and marvel at the Fhrers social-darwinist wisdom: And so, I established in 1919 a programme and tendency that was a conscious slap in the face of the democratic-pacifist world () [We knew] it might take five or ten or twenty years, yet gradually an authoritarian state arose within the democratic state, and a nucleus of fanatical devotion and ruthless determination formed in a wretched world that lacked basic convictions. Only one danger could have jeopardised this development  if our adversaries had understood its principle, established a clear understanding of these ideas, and not offered any resistance. Or, alternatively, if they had from the first day annihilated with the utmost brutality the nucleus of our new movement. Neither was done. The times were such that our adversaries were no longer capable of accomplishing our annihilation, nor did they have the nerve. Arguably, they furthermore lacked the understanding to assume a wholly appropriate attitude. Instead, they began to tyrannise our young movement by bourgeois means, and, by doing so, they assisted the process of natural selection in a very fortunate manner. From there on, it was only a question of time until the leadership of the nation would fall to our hardened human material. () The more our adversaries believe they can obstruct our development by employing a degree of terror that is characteristic of their nature, the more they encourage it. Nietzsche said that a blow which does not kill a strong man only makes him stronger, and his words are confirmed a thousand times. Every blow strengthens our defiance, every persecution reinforces our single-minded determination, and the elements that do fall are good riddance to the movement. Im not aware what source David Edgar used for his play (and my attempt to contact him elicited no response), but its interesting that his variation did not contain the first part of Hitlers statement, i.e. the notion that the Nazi movement would have remained marginal had it been completely ignored by its opponents. I say interesting because that was the tactic employed, for instance, by Austrian Social Democracy in the face of early fascist assemblies and disturbances in 1919. Evidently, it did not work. For obvious reasons, militant anti-fascists like Hitlers second point. However, the two have to be read together and in context. Hitlers advice merely reflects his conviction that battle inspires the fittest warriors to great deeds, that the weak inevitably fall by the wayside, and that the thugs always emerge on top. It does not offer any profound strategical or historical insight. The original quote found on countless German leftwing websites appears to be a translation of David Edgars version into German. It even contains the verb stoppen  an anglicism that Hitler would have scarcely used in a formal speech. Whatever the case, Id argue that anti-fascists ought to base their tactics on a concrete assessment of the situation at hand. Naturally, these may involve physical force  but that need not always be the case. What anti-fascists should not do is dogmatically peddle a frozen principle based on a bowdlerised Hitler quote. Ultimately, though, fascists need to be countered politically  i.e. by arguing and fighting for a positive alternative to the capitalist societies that are their natural breeding ground. Only the demise of the global system of competing nation states will eliminate their kind for good. Hitlers was not the only radical vlkisch movement in Germany at the time. Even if militant anti-fascists had succeeded in smashing the nucleus of the NSDAP, they would have still been up against a massive reactionary cesspit that had formed in the ruins of a failed revolution: the Stahlhelm, the Deutschvlkischer Schutz- und Trutzbund, the Freikorps units, and many more. For all his self-assurance, the Fhrer had no idea how lucky he was to emerge from that cesspit as the main contender. Maciej Zurowski <N> First Lady of the United States Melania Trump is the wife of President Donald J. Trump and the mother of Barron Trump. She is the second First Lady born outside of the United States, and she is the only First Lady to become a naturalized U.S. citizen. And like the First Ladies before her, Melania Trump will make her mark on history. Melania Trump was born on April 26, 1970 in Slovenia. At age 16, she began what would soon become a highly successful modeling career, appearing in many high profile ad campaigns and working with some of the best photographers in the fashion industry. In 1996, Mrs. Trump moved to New York and ten years later, she proudly became a United States Citizen. Mrs. Trump has always been an active member of her community. In 2005, she was Honorary Chairwoman for the Martha Graham Dance Company. That same year, she was awarded Goodwill Ambassador by the American Red Crossa role she served in for four years. Mrs. Trump served five years as Honorary Chairwoman for the Boys Club of New York and was named Woman of the Year in 2006 by the Police Athletic League. Mrs. Trump has participated in National Love Our Children Day and National Child Abuse Prevention month, ringing the closing bell at NASDAQ. In 2010, Mrs. Trump was the Chairwoman for the American Heart Association, which raised $1.7 million for research. That same year she launched her own jewelry collection. While Melania Trump became a household name in modeling and a contributing member of her community, she is first and foremost a mother and wife, and in 2017, Melania Trump made the White House and Washington home for her family. In her role as First Lady, Mrs. Trump focuses her time on the many issues affecting children. An unwavering characteristic of the First Lady is her aptitude for showing love and compassion in all that she does. Mrs. Trump spends much of her time meeting with children who are patients at hospitals and care centers. Recently, she took valentines to the Childrens Inn at the National Institutes of Health and Cincinnati Childrens Hospital. Over the Easter holiday, she made a surprise visit to St. Marys Medical Center in Palm Beach, Florida, bringing Easter baskets to the children. Following the devastating hurricanes last year, Mrs. Trump visited Texas to meet with families that suffered greatly under Hurricane Harvey. In the wake of two horrendous mass shootings, Mrs. Trump traveled with her husband to Las Vegas and Parkland to be with the victims and families in their times of need. Internationally, Mrs. Trump has visited several hospitals and schools. One of her most memorable visits being at the Pediatric Hospital Bambino Gesu in the Vatican City, where she met a boy who had been waiting for a new heart. Upon arrival in Belgium the following day, Mrs. Trump learned that the hospital had found a transplant for the boyMrs. Trump celebrated the news in a press statement and said my own heart is filled with joy over the news. As First Lady, Mrs. Trump has made multiple visits to schoolsboth foreign and domestic. From participating in a Viking huddle class, which focuses on emotional learning at Orchard Lake Middle School in Michigan, to taking the Queen of Jordan to Washington, D.C.s first public charter school for girls at Excel Academy in Southeast, Mrs. Trump is always bringing children to the forefront of her agenda. While traveling abroad, Mrs. Trump visited the American International School in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, with Education Minister Ahmed Al Eissa, and took a calligraphy lesson with local children at Kyobashi Tsukiji Elementary School with Mrs. Abe while visiting Japan. Earlier this spring, Mrs. Trump invited a group of local students to the White House so she could talk with them, hear their stories, and understand the issues they are challenged with today. Mrs. Trump addresses those issues each opportunity she gets. From Governors spouses luncheons to the United Nations General Assembly, Mrs. Trump puts the emphasis on children and how we can protect them, teach them, and empower them. In the midst of the opioid epidemic, Mrs. Trump has utilized her platform as First Lady to raise awareness about the dangers of opioid abusenotably the devastating effects it has on infants and unborn babies. Mrs. Trump traveled to Huntington, West Virginia, where she visited Lilys Place, the Nations first nonprofit infant recovery center that prioritizes the whole family to ensure infants born dependent on drugs are given the best opportunity to thrive. More recently, in February, Mrs. Trump traveled to Ohio to visit Cincinnati Childrens, a leading pediatric hospital where she learned more about the ongoing research around neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS)a harmful result of drug abuse in pregnant mothers. Mrs. Trump has participated in multiple opioid summits and continues to work with the Administration on raising the awareness of opioid abuse and how we can better protect children from it. On May 7, Mrs. Trump launched BE BESTan awareness campaign focused entirely around the well-being of children. The campaign has three pillars, which represent key areas of concern for Mrs. Trump: well-being, which includes the social and emotional health of children; social media, and understanding both the positive and negative effects it has on our children; and opioid abuse, and how to protect our most vulnerable from the effects of drug abuse while educating parents about the detrimental effects of opioids. After the launch, the First Lady is dedicated to carrying out her BE BEST campaign. <N> In October, then-presidential candidate Donald Trump, Melania Trump and family members at the opening of the Trump International Hotel in Washington. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/Associated Press) This post has been updated. Visitors to the newly revamped White House website get more than a simple rundown of first lady Melania Trumps charitable works and interests  they also get a list of her magazine cover appearances and details on her jewelry line at QVC. Her biography starts with traditional details, such as her date of birth in her native country of Slovenia and information about her background as a model. Thats when the brief backgrounder takes a promotional turn. The website includes a lengthy list of brands that hired her as a model and several of the magazines in which she appeared, including the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. It is not uncommon for the White House to note the accomplishments of the first lady in her official biography, but Trumps decision to include a detailed list of her media appearances and branded retail goods is unusual. [BREAKING] President Trump now stands in violation of the Constitutions emoluments clause. _LINKS_  Citizens for Ethics (@CREWcrew) January 20, 2017 The site also touches on the previously controversial subject of Melania Trumps university background. She would pursue a degree at the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia, but pause her studies to advance her modeling career in Milan and Paris before moving to New York in 1996, the site reads. Melania Trumps college education was a sensitive point during the campaign. A biography of Trump distributed in a program at the Republican National Convention, which mimicked her biography posted on the Trump Organization, had indicated she had begun modeling after obtaining a degree in design and architecture at university in Slovenia. Reporters then learned that she had attended the university but did not graduate, prompting the Trump Organization to remove her biography from the company website altogether. President-elect Donald Trump and his wife Melania left St. John's Episcopal Church after a pre-inauguration church service. (The Washington Post) Rosalind Helderman and Drew Harwell contributed to this report. Read more: On day one, reminders of potential Trump business conflicts Airplanes, golf courses, trademarks and more: Trumps government will oversee his businesses <N> FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE January 20, 2017 CONTACT: Jordan Libowitz 202-408-5565 | [email protected] org CREW STATEMENT: TRUMP NOW VIOLATING CONSTITUTION WATCHDOG ALSO FILES COMPLAINTS REGARDING TRUMP HOTEL AND CLIMATE CHANGE WITCH HUNT Washington, DCAs Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) Executive Director Noah Bookbinder released the following statement: Now that he has taken the oath of office, President Trump stands in violation of the Constitutions emoluments clause. He just swore on the Bible to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, but by continuing to accept payments from foreign governments, he has already failed. We do not yet know just to what extent this violation goesbecause he is the first person elected to the presidency in decades to fail to clear the ethical bar of Richard Nixon and release his tax returns, much of his foreign business has remained secret. But we do know that there must be accountability for anyone, including the president, for violating the Constitution. In addition, after taking the oath of office, President Trump appears to be in violation of his lease on the Old Post Officesite of the Trump International Hotel, according to a complaint CREW filed today with the General Services Administration (GSA). The lease bars elected government officials from receiving any share or part of [the Lease], or to any benefit that may arise therefrom. Trump owns more than three-quarters of Trump Old Post Office LLC, which holds the lease. The lease bans elected officials from benefitting to avoid conflicts of interest with their duties, Bookbinder said. We know Trump likes to renegotiate contracts for better deals. If that happened here, it will be the President negotiating against the government he leads. His best interests are not the same as those of the American tax payer. As GSA Deputy Commissioner Michael Gelber told Congress last month, this is a standard part of their contracts to protect the interests of the American people. If Trumps company does not resolve this breach of contract, GSA should exercise its right to terminate the lease. CREW also filed a suit against the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) for failing to turn over information about possible questionnaires from Trumps transition team seeking names of those working on climate change, which we requested under the Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA). We know that NOAA received our request, but have not heard anything since. The law is simple, they have to respond, Bookbinder said. If they have information about the Trump teams search for climate scientists, Americans deserve to know; and if they dont, a simple no would suffice, but theres no reason to withhold that information. CLICK HERE TO READ THE GSA COMPLAINT CLICK HERE TO READ THE NOAA SUIT -30- [email protected] <N> The Senate is widely viewed with more disdain and less respect today than it has at any other time in American history. It is common to look back upon the nineteenth century as a golden era in which the Senate was widely viewed as the home of great orators and great statesmen such as Henry Clay of Kentuckyand monumental debatessuch as the great debates over protectionist tariffs in 1830 and the Compromise of 1850, which featured memorable speeches by Clay, Senator Daniel Webster of New Hampshire, and Senator John Calhoun of South Carolina. Today, few if any people think of any sitting Senators as great orators or great statesmen. Today, almost no one expects more from the Senate than the House, which even the Framers had viewed with disdain. The Senates demise in stature is likely attributable to many factors, but the one that is cited the most is the Seventeenth Amendment. Ratified in 1913, the Seventeenth Amendment replaced the Constitutions original scheme of having state legislatures choose Senators with the establishment of popular election of Senators. Many scholars have argued that this Amendment effectively broke the Senates connection to States interests and that Senators have ever since increasingly taken State sovereignty or federal overreaching less seriously than they presumably did before the Amendments ratification. The Supreme Court has not embraced that view, at least fully. It has cited, more than once, the changes wrought by the Seventeenth Amendmentalong with other developments such as the increase in the size (and authority) of congressional staffs, the growing influence of lobbyists and special interests, and the need to be perpetually raising money to stay in officeas necessitating judicial review in order to protect against flaws within the federal legislative process that could lead to congressional overreaching at the expense of State sovereignty. In another line of cases arising under the Eleventh Amendment, the Court has consistently struck down federal laws forcing States to relinquish their immunity from paying damages in federal court. The Court has also overturned federal laws commandeering any part of state government from doing something contrary to its will. Even if the Seventeenth Amendment weakened the connections between the Senate and State interests, the Court still seems to care a great deal about the latter. Moreover, there have been great debates since the Seventeenth Amendments ratification and great moments, such as the enactment of the landmark 1964 Civil Rights Act, the 1965 Voting Rights Act, and the Clean Air and Water Acts, albeit all at the expense of State sovereignty. Whatever the changes wrought by the Seventeenth Amendment might be, other factors apparently have contributed more to the diminution of the Senates stature. One theory is the rise of corruption. As David Brooks, the New York Times columnist, explained, There is so much money flowing through Washington that the special interests get what they want and everyone else gets the shaft. Another theory has to do with insularity. The elites spend so much time within the Acela corridor that they dont have a clue about what is going on. Brooks might be right, but these explanations, too, have much in common with our past, as there were many Senators in the nineteenth century who were corrupt and who lived as elites. Brooks argues another, deeper problem with the Congress, including the Senate, is the fact that public servants now find themselves enmeshed in a system that drains them of their sense of vocation. The problem, on his view, is that public servants have too often become professional politicians rather than people who are answering a callingthe calling of doing something for the common good. His argument extends to all public servants, not just Senators, but there is some reason to believe that today Senators rarely are more thanSenators. Daniel Webster, for example, was one of the greatest lawyers of the nineteenth centuryhe argued more than 100 cases in the Supreme Court while serving in the House of Representatives at different times as a representative from New Hampshire and Massachusetts, in the Senate, and as Secretary of State under three different presidents. One is hard pressed to find anyone in the Senate coming close to the standard set by Webster. The idea that Senators might have fallen prey, along with House members and other public servants, to a system that drains or dilutes their passion for the common good is likely to resonate with many people, though it is unclear to what extent the Seventeenth Amendment is the cause. The length of service in the Senate has increased over the years, while the Senates productivity has hit new lows. This decline has coincided with increases in voting along party lines and, perhaps as a result of all these factors, the proliferation of procedural obstacles to getting things done. With increased demands for action, the Senate has responded with more obstacles. The number of veto gates has increased, so that it has become harder, not easier, for legislative business, including judicial and other nominations, to get to the Senate floor for final debate. For example, the filibuster grew increasingly effective over the twentieth century as a way for substantial minorities within the Senate to block floor votes on a wide variety of matters, including civil rights legislation. To be sure, the filibuster was a potent weapon throughout Senate history, famously blocking final Senate votes on major civil rights legislation for more than a century. What might have made the filibuster worse than ever before was the so-called two-track system, which then-Majority Leader Mike Mansfield implemented in 1975. It allowed the mere threat of a filibuster to sidetrack legislative business, including nominations. The way it worked was that, once nothing more than a threat was made, the matter being threatened was set aside, and other legislative business went forward. That scheme undoubtedly provided incentives to filibuster, and judicial filibusters increased throughout the 1990s and the administration of George W. Bush and the first term of President Obama. Another Perspective This essay is part of a discussion about Article I, Section 3 with Steven G. Calabresi, Clayton J. and Henry R. Barber Professor of Law, Northwestern Pritzker School of Law. Read the full discussion here. The decision by the Democratic Senate majority in 2013 to disallow filibusters of judicial and executive branch nominations has removed one obstacle to judicial confirmations, but Senators in the majority retained many other procedural mechanisms for obstructing nominations. The confirmation of lower court judges has reached an all-time low, not because of the filibuster and not because they lack merit, but rather because a majority in the Senate that is controlled by one party has decided, in an election year, to deny the President of the opposite party the opportunity to fill any more judgeships, including the Supreme Court. Yet that is not all. In order to keep the President from exercising his power to make recess appointments, the Senate began the practice, while George W. Bush was President, of holding pro forma sessionsincredibly brief sessions, rarely more than 30 seconds, allowing the Senate to call itself into a formal session every other day, even though most Senators are away or on break. Though the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of this practice in NLRB v. Noel Canning (2014), the practice is controversial. To some, this kind of obstruction is welcome because it preserves the constitutional status quo, at least until the next election. To many others, pro forma sessions seem like nothing more than a parliamentary gimmick, which enables the Senate to block a Presidents recess appointments for no better reason than that the Senate has the power to do so. While the Senate has historically been a place where even important legislative business often got slowed down if not sometimes blocked permanently, it now rarely happens in a way that involves Senate debate or that the public can see. This is true even though there is unprecedented coverage of the Senate through C-SPAN and the Internet. The opportunity for great debates has shrunk, grandstanding has increased, and the motives of the obstructionists do not always seem noble. And the constant coverage of the Senate does not guarantee many people are watching the Senate closely. The 24-hour news cycle and the proliferation of Internet news sites have generally made it easier for people to reinforce their political and constitutional views. Even so, most people are probably unfamiliar with the shenanigans in the Senate or do not care, and most people do not, as far as we can tell, tune into Senate debates or follow them closely. Whatever one thinks of the Senate, it is almost certainly here to stayand to stay in its present form. This includes the rather archaic configuration in which every State has two Senators, regardless of its size. As our joint essay suggests, this scheme is undemocratic and purposely frustrates pure majorities, but it has been an enduring feature of the Constitution from the beginning. While this might not prevent the Senate from sometimes endorsing measures that might enhance federal power at the expense of State sovereignty, it continues to frustrate lawmaking generally, which of course was one of the aims of the original design. If the Senate, however, has not adequately protected State sovereignty, it has not done it by itself. Nothing becomes a federal law, unless the House has agreed, the President signs the bill (or Congress is able to override his veto), and the courts have upheld the measures. Similarly, no one becomes an Article III judge, particularly after the scheme adopted by the Senate to frustrate the recess appointment authority, unless the President has nominated that person in the first place and a majority of the Senate has agreed. Changing the status quo, in other words, cannot happen unless the branches are in agreement. It will be important to keep that in mind in the years ahead, regardless of whether one favors obstruction or not. Controlling one chamber makes obstruction possible, but if there is serious interest in doing anything more than that then there must be coordination, which, even after the ratification of the Seventeenth Amendment, the Constitution rarely makes easy. As for whether the Senate has degenerated in stature or quality, the causes remain complex and are not simply the result of the Seventeenth Amendment. Among the things that may have been lost and difficult to restore is the civic republicanismthe public spirit or commitment to a common goodso many Founders had hoped to see in the Senate. Along with that loss, a sense of civility or mutual respect seems, all too often, to be absent in public debates. To be sure, we should not over-glamorize our past and over-estimate how much of that spirit ever was a constant or common feature of the Senate; the beating of Massachusetts Senator Charles Sumner on the Senate floor in 1851 is just one example of how that spirit was absent before the Seventeenth Amendment. At least, Senators today fight with words and not with weapons. It is likely that the fighting in the Senate reflects the divisions within the populace itself. This should not be surprising. It is inevitable that, given popular election of Senators, the electorate will choose someone with similar views. It is further inevitable that the more intense the divisions, the more difficult finding common ground may be. Even so, we should hope it is not asking too much for Senators to be seen at workthat is, to be seen by the public actually engaging with the big issues of the dayand not parliamentary maneuvering reflecting nothing more than petty or partisan bickering. It is unlikely we have ever had a genuinely golden era in which the Senateor any other of our institutionsperformed ideally. We know that, from the start, the Constitution was not a perfect document, and every era, as well as every institutional arrangement established by the Constitution, has had its flaws. The least we can do is to understand them and see what can be done to solve them. Put differently, the Senate has never been able to take its stature as the upper chamber for granted. Like every other institution established by the Constitution, the Senate has had to earn its respect each and every day, and that remains true regardless of the era, political composition of the Senate, and issues dividing the American people. Michael J. Gerhardt Samuel Ashe Distinguished Professor in Constitutional Law & Director, Program in Law and Government, University of North Carolina School of Law <N> Quote: Jenn Originally Posted by Video clips of different turtles with similar problems: _LINKS_ DS got us in the habit of cutting six-pack rings to tiny pieces several years ago. Just in case, you know? I'm also glad our milk containers have a ring that breaks open and zips around instead of staying in an intact circle. That poor turtle! ETA: Peanut's story said that some of his organs don't work right. I wonder if the turtle in the OP has more problems--its shell is more deformed than Peanut's. /slight hijack/ This is the first time I have been truly glad to read the comments. Very short, funny ending./end/DS got us in the habit of cutting six-pack rings to tiny pieces several years ago. Just in case, you know? I'm also glad our milk containers have a ring that breaks open and zips around instead of staying in an intact circle. That poor turtle!ETA: Peanut's story said that some of his organs don't work right. I wonder if the turtle in the OP has more problems--its shell is more deformed than Peanut's. Last edited by Menolly; 17 September 2009 at 01:05 AM . <N> George Lucas never meant to become a filmmaker. As a teen, he dreamed of becoming an anthropologist and later an illustrator, which his father, the owner of a stationery store, called "not a proper occupation." But Lucas is sure that the Force was always with him. "I believe that even if I had become an anthropologist, I still would've started making movies and ended up right where I am now," he says. "This path has been too strongly etched, and it's too winding." While he has been wandering, we've been wondering: Q: You're only now making the beginning of the Star Wars series. Why didn't you start with the beginning in 1977, instead of with Episode IV? A: Originally when I wrote Star Wars, it was meant to be one episode of a Saturday-matinee serial and you came in in the middle of it. I wrote a couple of screenplays, and they got very big, so I took the first act and made a movie out of that, but I swore to make the rest of the movie in three parts. In order to do that, I had to write a back story, so I said maybe I'll do the prequels. Q: You started out as an avant-garde director. How did you end up making movies for 12-year-olds? A: American Graffiti got so successful, I thought, Gee, making films for younger people actually is not a bad thing. I've always been very curious about culture, how a society develops its own equilibrium. I realized we were out of equilibrium at some point. We had reached a period in terms of our society of not having a mythology, a code that you pass down to the next generation. Friendship is valuable, honor is valuable. There wasn't a movie genre like that aimed at younger people, the 12-year-olds coming of age. Q: The morals we learn from Darth Vader's lifeabout letting go and making amendsare dominant themes in 12-step programs. Did you ever go through recovery for drugs or alcohol? A: I never did drugs. Drinking was never a problem. But I've done a lot of research, and those [morals] are very valid. The interesting thing about the 12 steps is that they work, and not just for addictive people. I'm very interested in psychology. I dabble in that stuff with my friends. I spend most of my fun time arguing, pontificating, discussing those things. Q: What religion are you? A: I was raised Methodist. Now let's say I'm spiritual. It's Marin County. We're all Buddhists up here. Q: Do you read reviews? A: I gave up reading reviews a long time ago. It's become a medium that is more like gossip. Q: Do you read about Star Wars on the Internet? A: When I was working on Phantom Menace, I saw a lot of the Internet stuff. I lasted about six weeks. Q: Why do the women in your movies have such crazy hairdos? A: In the 1977 film, I was working very hard to create something different that wasn't fashion, so I went with a kind of Southwestern Pancho Villa woman revolutionary look, which is what that is. The buns are basically from turn-of-the-century Mexico. Then it took such hits and became such a thing. In the new trilogy, the same thing applies, to try and do something timeless. I'm just basically having a good time. <N> In the Star Wars universe, theres no hairstyle more iconic than Princess Leias side buns. The double bun look became synonymous with the Alderaanian princess from the moment we meet the late Carrie Fishers most famous character on the Tantive IV. But really, the hairstyle belongs to Earth. In 2002, Star Wars creator George Lucas told Time that the revolutionary-era women of Mexico inspired Leias look. In the 1977 film, I was working very hard to create something different that wasnt fashion, so I went with a kind of Southwestern Pancho Villa woman revolutionary look, which is what that is, he said. The buns are basically from the turn-of-the-century Mexico. Then it took such hits and became such a thing. But Lucas revelation of the hairstyles origins only seemed to cause confusion across the internet. Some found it difficult to find photographic evidence for Lucas claims. Perhaps, they only saw images of soldaderas wearing hats. (All Star Wars historian Michael Heilemann could find were these bun-less images of adelitas.) As a result, some began to look elsewhere to find other possible explanations. This led people to believe that the hair came from the Hopi women, who lived in Arizona. Heilemann, however, believes there are flaws with this theory. It does bear some resemblance to the buns, and given that Padm wears a hairstyle almost exactly like it in Episode II, one cant be faulted for thinking that there might be a connection there, he wrote. But once you sever the connection between the photo and Lucas Pancho Villa statement and take a closer look at how the hair is actually done, its quite obvious that the likelihood of that connection being slim. Leias buns lay flatter on her head and cover her ears, so they are slightly different. The time-consuming hairstyle meant that Fisher arrived on set at 5 a.m. and sat in a chair for two hours. And if Lucas had used Queen Fria of the Flash Gordon comic as his muse, then Fisher may have had an even more meticulous coiffure. Though the comic is a decent guess that harkens back to Lucas drawing from the comic book world, its incorrect. But as Lucas stated more than a decade ago, Revolutionary-era Mexican women played a role in shaping Leias hairdo  at least in part. In a public Facebook post, Associate Professor at the University of Texas at Austin Eric Tang shared that the Denver Art Museums Star Wars and the Power of Costume exhibit gives a definitive answer. According to Tang, the image featured  which includes the words Mexican Revolution, hairstyles, and women  belongs to Lucas costuming archive and is proof that he wasnt making it up. Tangs post mostly focuses on the Mexican woman, but the entire display does present indigenous Hopi women right beside a soldadera. Princess Leia's hair really *is* modeled after Hopi hair. Damn. pic.twitter.com/uqlQauK03o  Aura Bogado (@aurabogado) December 29, 2016 Tabea Linhard, author of Fearless Women in the Mexican Revolution and the Spanish Civil War, told the BBC that a double bun look wouldnt have been practical for the adelitas. If you take a look at photos from the period, you see women with long braids, some wear hats, on occasion they cover their hair with a shawl, Linhard said. Conditions on the battlefields were harsh, and the womens task included carrying supplies, taking care of all the mens needs, serving as spies or smugglers; some also participated in battle. So a hairstyle like Leias probably was not a convenient option. Correction, December 29 at 1:20 p.m. ET: This post has been updated. It originally misstated that the Hopi women were only thought to be an inspiration for Lucas. However, the Denver Art Museums Star Wars and the Power of Costume exhibit recognizes the influence Hopi women had on Princess Leias iconic look. <N> CIUDAD DE MXICO (19/NOV/2010).- La pregunta es sencilla y la respuesta inmediata. Algunos nombres de quienes participaron en la Revolucin Mexicana? La mente suelta de inmediato las primeras referencias aprendidas: Emiliano Zapata, Francisco Villa y Venustiano Carranza. Alguna mujer en este acontecimiento histrico? Pues s, claro! La mente vuelve a hurgar y menciona: las adelitas, tambin las rieleras o incluso valentinas La historia se ha contado incompleta y ha minimizado en este acontecimiento histrico la presencia de la mujer, con nombres y apellidos, profesiones y estratos sociales. La figura de la adelita es un discurso de gnero creado a mediados del siglo XX, que ha quedado en la memoria de la Revolucin Mexicana. Subraya la belleza de la mujer, su juventud y la valenta de acompaar a los hombres en la guerra, pero al mismo tiempo dificulta el reconocimiento a las diversas mujeres que participaron en esta lucha, explica Gabriela Cano, profesora investigadora del Colegio de Mxico. Creada por el imaginario colectivo en la poca postrevolucionaria, la adelita intenta tambin darle un carcter popular a la lucha armada, dice el historiador Javier Torres Medina. Cierto es que hubo soldaderas e incluso coronelas, como las zapatistas Gera Robles (de nombre Amelia, quien incluso tuvo que masculinizar su apariencia) y Rosa Bobadilla. Pero tambin estuvieron las mujeres sin rangos militares, que con su participacin sostenan la infraestructura y le daban forma a la logstica de los campamentos revolucionarios. Alimentaban, acompaaban y llevaban a cuesta el entorno domstico como los anafres. Adems, adoptaban su papel de campesinas al cuidar sus tierras, pero tambin trabajaron como espas o como mensajeras. En sus dobladillos de largas faldas llevaban los mensajes escritos, las municiones o la plvora. Debajo de las cajas de alimentos iba el armamento. De ser descubiertas, eran sometidas a todo el rigor de las leyes, de ellas no sabemos sus nombres y apellidos pero ah estuvieron, asegura Gabriela Cano. Es as como hubo mujeres que acompaaron a los hombres en el campo de la lucha y otras que se vieron, al igual que los varones, como vctimas obligadas por las circunstancias a participar en la revuelta. Las mltiples facetas Las mujeres eran soldaderas, cocineras, espas y acompaantes, pero tambin estaban las madres, las profesionistas, las sindicalistas, las de la administracin pblica, las de crculos intelectuales que desde su mbito contribuan al proceso de cambio en el pas, comenta Mara Ileana Garca Gosso, doctora en sociologa y especializada en estudios de gnero. Es por ello que hablar del papel de la mujer slo ha resultado una abstraccin que impide identificar la importancia de la participacin femenina. Los nombres y los hechos, considerados por las narraciones oficiales como intrascendentes, ah estuvieron. Las participantes, en el mayor de los casos, defendan una postura ideolgica. Por ejemplo, en 1901 se funda Vsper, bajo la iniciativa de Juana Beln Gutirrez, peridico que defiende los derechos de los trabajadores mineros. Segn una cronologa hecha por Gabriela Cano en el libro Miradas feministas sobre las mexicanas del siglo XX, en 1904 sale a la luz La Mujer Mexicana, revista mensual que se pronuncia a favor de la educacin de las fminas en reas como la medicina y jurisprudencia, consideradas como liberales. El activismo Desde todos los mbitos la mujer tuvo activismo. En 1911 se estableci en la ciudad de Mxico, a instancias de los jesuitas, la Asociacin de Damas Catlicas, con el fin de contrarrestar las ideas polticas, antirreligiosas y liberales de la espaola feminista Beln de Srraga, quien en su pas era militante del Partido Republicano Federal. Los especialistas dicen que ellas tambin fueron activistas luchadoras por el bienestar social. Recuerdan a las hermanas Mara del Carmen y Catalina Fras, obreras de una fbrica de hilados quienes formaron Las Hijas de Anhuac, organizacin gremial que defenda los derechos laborales. Ellas simpatizaban con el Partido Liberal Mexicano. Cano precisa que en 1913, luego del golpe de Estado de Victoriano Huerta, Mara Arias Bernal, Ins Malvaez y Eulalia Guzmn conformaron el Club Femenino Lealtad, agrupacin que promovi ceremonias conmemorativas semanales frente a la tumba del presidente Francisco I. Madero, como acto de resistencia al gobierno huertista. Ah circulaba informacin poltica que era censurada en los peridicos. Aos despus empieza a circular el semanario La Mujer Moderna, bajo la direccin de Hermila Galindo, colaboradora de confianza de Carranza. Fue una publicacin feminista, laica, que pugn por el derecho al voto de la mujer y que mantuvo su apoyo a la faccin revolucionaria constitucionalista. De La Mujer Moderna slo se encuentran cinco ejemplares en grave deterioro. La historia queda a deber y reclama un recuento en el que se acepte que las mujeres fueron actores importantes y que provocaron algo ms que la creacin de corridos como el de La Adelita. <N> Hamilton Building - Level 2 Take a unique journey into the Star Wars universe as characters are brought to life through a dramatic presentation of more than 70 original costumes. Star Wars and the Power of Costume will closely examine the captivating process of costume design for iconic outfits featured in all seven films of the Star Wars seriesfrom Queen Amidalas lavish gowns to Darth Vaders imposing black armor. Watch the designers and actors through several exhibition videos. Learn cultural and historic context as interpreted by Smithsonian scholars. Experience the processes of concept artists and costume designers with interactive encounters. Explore the artistry of the worlds most recognized cinematic costumes, including Queen Amidala, Chewbacca, X-Wing Pilots, and Droids, including C-3PO and R2-D2. This exhibition goes beyond the chronological, literary, or filmic order often used to chronicle Star Wars. It focuses instead on the creative process, encompassing the essence of George Lucas vision and the exciting challenge of translating his iconic characters into a dynamic reality. <N> Porfirio Daz, (born Sept. 15, 1830, Oaxaca, Mex.died July 2, 1915, Paris, France), soldier and president of Mexico (187780, 18841911), who established a strong centralized state that he held under firm control for more than three decades. Mexican Pres. Porfirio Daz in uniform, 1911. Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. (LC-USZ62-100275) Read More on This Topic Mexico: The age of Porfirio Daz For 35 years, from 1876 until a political revolution unseated him in 1911, the personality of Porfirio Daz dominated the history of his country. Like Jurez, Daz was a poor Indian from Oaxaca, but he was of Mixtec rather than Zapotec heritage. Educated A mestizo (part Indian), Daz was of humble origin. He began training for the priesthood at age 15, but upon the outbreak of war with the United States (184648) he joined the army. An illustrious military career followed, including service in the War of the Reform (185760) and the struggle against the French in 186167, when Maximilian became emperor. Earlier (1849) Daz had studied law with the encouragement of the Liberal Benito Jurez, who first became president in 1858. Porfirio Daz. Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. Daz resigned his command and went back to Oaxaca when peace was restored but soon became dissatisfied with the Jurez administration. He led an unsuccessful protest against the 1871 reelection of Jurez, who died the following year. Daz continued his protests in an unsuccessful revolt against Pres. Sebastan Lerdo de Tejada in 1876, after which he fled to the United States. Six months later, however, he returned and defeated the government forces at the Battle of Tecoac (November 1876), and in May 1877 he was formally elected president. Mexican Pres. Porfirio Daz on horseback, 1911. Bain Collection/Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. (LC-DIG-ggbain-05876) During his first four years in office, Daz began a slow process of consolidation of power and built up a strong political machine. His administration achieved a few public improvements but was more noted for its suppression of revolts. Having opposed Lerdos reelection, he decided not to run for another term himself but handpicked his successor, Gen. Manuel Gonzlez, who also soon dissatisfied him. Therefore, in 1884 Daz ran for the presidency again and was elected. Over the course of the next 26 years Daz produced an orderly and systematic government with a military spirit. He succeeded in destroying local and regional leadership until the majority of public employees answered directly to him. Even the legislature was composed of his friends, and the press was muffled. He also maintained tight control over the courts. Daz secured his power by catering to the needs of separate groups and playing off one interest against another. He won the mestizos support by supplying them with political jobs. The privileged Creole classes were cooperative in return for the governments noninterference in their haciendas and for positions of honour in the administration. The Roman Catholic Church maintained a policy of noninvolvement in return for a certain degree of freedom. The Indians, who formed a full third of the population, were ignored. When Daz came to power, the Mexican government was in debt and had very little cash reserves. Therefore, he enthusiastically encouraged investment by foreigners. Conditions were made so advantageous to the suppliers of capital that Mexican industries and workers alike suffered. Daz was no economist, but his two principal advisers, Matas Romero and Jos Y. Limantour (after 1893), were responsible for the influx of foreigners to build railroads and bridges, to dig mines, and to irrigate fields. Mexicos new wealth, however, was not distributed throughout the country; most of the profits went abroad or stayed in the hands of a very few wealthy Mexicans. By 1910 the economy had declined and national revenues were shrinking, which necessitated borrowing. With wages decreasing, strikes were frequent. Agricultural workers were faced with extreme poverty and debt peonage. On Feb. 17, 1908, in an interview with a reporter for Pearsons Magazine, Daz announced his retirement. Immediately opposition and progovernment groups began to scramble to find suitable presidential candidates. Then, as plans were being formalized, Daz decided not to retire but to allow Francisco Madero, an aristocratic but democratically inclined reformer, to run against him. Madero lost the election, as was expected, but when he resorted to a military revolution the government proved surprisingly weak and collapsed. Daz resigned office on May 25, 1911, and went into exile. <N> A lot of us have been thinking about the late Carrie Fisher and the movie role that made her famous: Princess Leia, the tough Star Wars fighter who helped save the Empire. And theres that iconic hairdo: two giant buns pressed against the sides of her head. But for Alexandra de la Rocha, a big Star Wars fan, Princess Leias look doesnt just take her back to a distant planet, but a distant relative: a fighter in the Mexican Revolution, part of the group of real-life revolutionaries who inspired those famous coiled buns. To see why, check out this photograph: The woman is Clara de la Rocha, a noted colonel in the Mexican Revolution (1910-1920), a movement against the long dictatorship of Porfirio Daz. She is one of Alexandra de la Rochas ancestors  her dads distant cousin. She died in 1970 and, in the photo, is standing next to her father, General Herculano de la Rocha. She is known for a key 1911 battle in Sinaloa, in northern Mexico. "She actually crossed a river on horseback ... and was able to take out a power station in order to allow the rebel forces to attack during night without being seen," says the younger De la Rocha. "She was a grizzled woman, as her father was. They were mountain people, and were actually miners and owned a lot of land. They were business people." De la Rocha says her relatives became revolutionaries to fight "for their homeland and for their people." After Fisher's death, De la Rocha spotted the photo of her relative in a public Facebook post by Eric Tang, a University of Texas associate professor. He posted it after checking out an exhibit recently at the Denver Art Museum, titled Rebel, Jedi, Princess, Queen: Star Wars and the Power of Costume. Its part of a traveling Smithsonian exhibit that goes deep into the Star Wars films designs. It was this battle-worn, historical rebel that director George Lucas had in mind when he created Princess Leia for the first Star Wars film, released in 1977. In 2002, Lucas told Time magazine that he was working very hard to create something different that wasn't fashion. Inspiration came, as Lucas put it, from a "turn-of-the-century Mexico" and kind of Southwestern Pancho Villa woman revolutionary look. The soldaderas were considered an important part of Mexicos rebel force. A famous ballad from that time in Mexican history pays homage to them. Its called La Adelita: Looking at the photo, De la Rocha remembers going with her mom to see one of the Star Wars films near her home in San Jose, California. "My mom actually did my hair in buns just like Princess Leia," she says. The connection between the hairstyle and her own family has motivated De la Rocha to dig deeper into her family's genealogy. "I recently just did the DNA test with Ancestry.com, hoping to find out a little more about my DNA," she says. "And it definitely made me reconnect with my uncle, who knows a lot more about the folklore." But some historians point out that Mexicos soldaderas were not the only ones to sport the 'do. Look to the women of the Hopi tribe of northeastern Arizona. Thats what Kendra Van Cleave of Frock Flicks, a website that reviews Hollywood historical costuming, told the BBC. She, along with others, points to how some young Hopi women wore a "squash blossom" hairstyle. Like this: Hopi_walpi.jpg A girl with the Hopi tribe photographed circa 1900 by Edward Curtis. His collection is at the Library of Congress. Credit: Edward Curtis But whether from Mexico or the Hopi tribe, the visual similarities with Princess Leia's buns motivated one artist to create his own image, blending history with Hollywood. Oklahoma-based artist and filmmaker Steven Paul Judd created this piece, titled "My Great Great Grandmother Was A Hopi Indian Princess." 15817900_10211511252038684_1107562718_o.jpg "My Great Great Grandmother Was A Hopi Indian Princess" Credit: Courtesy of Steven Paul Judd After Fisher died, Judd posted on Facebook: "If you look in the sky tonight and see a star shining extra bright in the Milky Way, you know she made it home. Carrie Fisher Oct. 21, 1956 - Dec. 27, 2016." <N> Ambitious plans by MGM Resorts, Wynn, and Las Vegas Sands are overshadowed by an ongoing battle with regulators and the states biggest utility The glittering Las Vegas strip is not an obvious model for energy conservation. Yet hidden above the glowing Eiffel Tower, neon resort awnings and a black pyramid that shines a beam of light into space, is one of the largest rooftop solar arrays in the country. Nevada solar industry collapses after state lets power company raise fees Read more Twenty acres of sun-catching glass sit atop the Mandalay Bay convention center, and when new installations are complete, it will become the biggest rooftop solar array in the US. In recent months, three of Nevadas largest casino companies  MGM Resorts, Wynn, and Las Vegas Sands  have announced plans to buy and produce more renewable energy for their hotels, a move driven both by increasing demand for responsible energy use from the companies that rent their conference halls, and a surplus of cheap power from solar farms in Nevada and California. Its no accident that we put the array on top of a conference center. This is good business for us, said Cindy Ortega, chief sustainability officer at MGM Resorts. We are looking at leaving the power system, and one of the reasons for that is we can procure more renewable energy on the open market. But there is a big shadow lurking over a rapid greening of the Las Vegas strip. Regulators will not let casinos simply walk away from the states monopoly utility provider, NV Energy. Together, the casinos 15 properties account for 7% of NV Energys electricity sales, and if that income were lost, the utility says, its remaining customers would have to endure significant rate hikes. As a result, the public utility commission (PUC) of Nevada is demanding resorts pay tens of millions of dollars to leave NV Energys services, a December 2015 decision which one casino has appealed. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Solar panels being installed on the Mandalay Bay convention center. Photograph: MGM Resorts Las Vegass power drama captures an ongoing dilemma in the new energy economy. While corporations have been encouraged to go green, their efforts pass the burden of subsidizing old utility regimes on to retail consumers, which regulators cannot allow. Its no accident that we put the [solar] array on top of a conference center. This is good business for us Cindy Ortega, MGM Resorts They need to maintain the grid. You cannot let these utilities go bankrupt or else every business in the city dies, said Bill Ellard, an energy economist for the American Solar Energy Society. What will happen if they dont maintain the grid properly and the transformers blow? In December, Nevadas three-member PUC effectively destroyed a thriving rooftop solar industry by approving NV Energys request to drastically lower the rate at which solar users are compensated for excess energy they provide to the grid. This is what I call a death spiral for utilities, said Ellard. They make it hard to go solar because once you defect from them, that affects revenue. Then they increase rates on everybody else, forcing them to defect. MGM Resorts has already hurt utility profits though an ambitious energy conservation effort. In addition to building a solar array strong enough to power 1,000 homes for one year, the corporation is replacing 1.3m light bulbs in its properties with LEDs. But to power multi-thousand-room resorts which house nightclubs, pools, theaters and slot machine-packed casinos would require more solar panels than the companies have rooftop space. They are consequently joining a trend in big energy consumers requesting to buy electricity outside the utility system. They are all very concerned with their bottom lines, said Rebecca Wagner, a former member of Nevadas PUC. The energy market in the west is great right now, so they are seeking to curb costs by getting in that market. Cheap natural gas is probably driving the initiative more than anything else, Wagner says. But according to Ellard, the antipathy casinos have for NV Energys monopoly also previews the next phase in an energy economy where renewables are competitive with fossil fuel prices. Its complex because its not just electricity, he said. Its natural gas, wind, coal, smart grid, big data, oil  its all connected. Were at this next change point where wind and solar [battery] storage and smart software are going to start to replace all those energy sources. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Mandalay Bay convention center will become the biggest rooftop solar array in the US. Photograph: MGM Resorts If the resorts do decide to separate from NV Energy, it will still cost them a combined $126.5m, a price set by the PUC which they say is necessary to prevent broad consumer rate hikes and to compensate the utility provider for losses incurred on power plants and other assets purchased with casino demand in mind. The resorts have complained that this exit fee is too high  and perhaps even illegal. The PUC has simply made up rules as it goes along so as to discourage any applicants from exiting [NV Energys] service, Wynn lawyers stated in a January judicial appeal. (MGM and the Las Vegas Sands are considering their options.) Wynns president, Matthew Maddox, also noted in PUC testimony that NV Energy is owned by Warren Buffetts company, Berkshire Hathaway (based in Omaha, Nebraska), and is therefore, in his estimation, more concerned with maximizing profits than with maintaining Nevadas grid. Maddox pointed out that their money doesnt even stay in Nevada, saying: it goes to Omaha. Nevadans are subsidizing NV Energys green investments while it lobbies against private rooftop solar installations Data storage company Switch faced a similar situation last year when it announced plans to use 100% renewable energy to power its giant computer servers. NV Energy was not able to meet those energy demands, and the PUC said the company would have to pay $27m to break up with the utility provider since its large data centers amounted to nearly 3% of NV Energys electricity sales. As a compromise, Switch is paying the utility company to build a new solar array in North Las Vegas to meet their sustainability goals. The city of Las Vegas, too, is planning to use 100% renewable energy to power its municipal buildings, fire stations, city parks and streetlights by 2017. That would make Las Vegas the largest US city to achieve such a goal. But to get PUC approval, it also had to promise to buy most of the power from an NV Energy solar plant in nearby Boulder City. Nevadans are thus subsidizing NV Energys green investments while it lobbies against private rooftop solar installations by their customers. MGM Resortss sustainability chief, Ortega, would not comment on her companys wrangling with NV Energy and the PUC. But she did endorse the broad push toward sustainability as a way to combat notions that Sin City lacks a conscience. The more we can dispel the myths around Las Vegas the better destination it is, Ortega said. We have the ability to educate a wide variety of stakeholders on how we can exponentially reduce environmental impacts, she added. Las Vegas is the perfect place to do that because we have 40 million people come here every single year, and so what better place to start telling that story. <N> CLAIM Keanu Reeves posted a message on his personal Facebook page about the difficulties he has overcome in life. See Example( s ) EXAMPLES Collected via Facebook, November 2015 "Most people know me, but don't know my story. At the age of 3, I watched my father leave. I attended four different high schools and struggled with dyslexia, making my education more challenging than it is for most. Eventually I left high school without earning a diploma. At the age of 23, my closest friend River Phoenix died of a drug overdose. In 1998, I met Jennifer Syme. We fell instantly in love and by 1999, Jennifer was pregnant with our daughter. Sadly, after eight months, our child was born stillborn. We were devastated by her death and it eventually ended our relationship. 18 months later, Jennifer died in a car accident. Since then I avoid serious relationships and having kids. My younger sister had lukemia. Today she is cured, and I donated 70% of my gains from the movie Matrix to Hospitals that treat leukemia. I am one of the only Hollywood stars without a Mansion. I don't have any bodyguards and do not wear fancy clothes. And even though I'm worth $100 million, I still ride the subway and I love it! So in the end, I think we can all pretty well agree that even in the face of tragedy, a stellar person can thrive. No matter what's going on in your life, you can overcome it! Life is worth living." RATING ORIGIN In November 2015, a Facebook fan page for actor Keanu Reeves posted the above-quoted message about some of the difficulties the actor has overcome during his life. While the original FB post has been deleted, copies of the quote are still circulating via social media, online forums and various web sites. While many of these postings attribute the quote directly to Keanu Reeves, the actor did not write the above-displayed passage. According to the groups disclaimer, the actor is in no way affiliated with the FB page: This is a Keanu Reeves Fan Page. We are not associated with the real Keanu Reeves in any way. We just quote what we read and spread positivity. While this Facebook page claims that they just quote what we read, we have not been able to find any credible source attributing the above-displayed passage to Keanu Reeves. In fact, the above-displayed passage closely resembles a story published by Higher Perspectives entitled The Tragically Heartbreaking And Uplifting Life Of Keanu Reeves Revealed. The one major difference is that the post published by the FB page was written in the first person (making it seem like it was written by Keanu Reeves) while the Higher Perspectives story was written about the actor: At the age of three, his father left their family. They stayed in touch for a few years, but after the divorce and moving from city to city, they fell out of contact. Keanu attended four different high schools and struggled with dyslexia, making his education more challenging than it is for most. Eventually he left high school without earning a diploma, though through sheer will, he is an avid reader now. At the age of 23, his closest friend River Phoenix died of a drug overdose. During a Reddit AMA last year, Keanu said: He was a remarkable human person and actor. We got along very well, and I miss him. I think of him often. In 1998, Keanu met Jennifer Syme. The two fell instantly in love and by 1999, Jennifer was pregnant with their daughter. Sadly, after eight months, their child was born stillborn. They were devastated by her death and it eventually ended their relationship. 18 months later, Syme would die in a car accident. Even with those incredible tragedies, Reeves would push on. Hes starred in a variety of blockbusters and has become a wealthy man, but the pain of his losses has changed how he thinks about money. Hes well known in Hollywood for being among the more charitable actors. After the successes of The Matrix and its sequels, Reeves gave $80 million of his $114 million earnings to the special effects and makeup staff of the films. He also took pay cuts on the films The Replacements and The Devils Advocates so stars like Gene Hackman and Al Pacino would agree to be in the film while keeping casting within the designated budget. So in the end, I think we can all pretty well agree that even in the face of tragedy, a stellar person can thrive. While the above-displayed story was not written by the actor, it does tell a mostly true story about Keanu Reeves life. <N> The elder Reeves has not spoken with his son, or his daughter Kim, for more than two decades, although he has tried to contact Keanu -- who is named after Samuel's uncle, Henry Keanu Reeves -- several times. Since that moment some 25 years ago, Samuel Nowlin Reeves has spent little time with his famous actor-son, Keanu Charles Reeves. "I caught my boy just as he was being sucked away by knee-deep water. I think Keanu was 11." "Occasionally, the spray would wash over the shelf, and the water would rush around our legs, and I would lift him up and hold him really tight," he recalled. "Then this big old wave really almost swept us right out. The father knows, for instance, that daughter Kim suffered from leukemia but is in remission and that Keanu and former girlfriend Jennifer Syme had a stillborn child, a girl named Ava, in January. Reeves was returning from Waikiki Beach early this month when he walked in on a telephone conversation between his mother and aunt. "I heard Mom say Keanu was killed in a car accident, and I flipped out," the father said. "I didn't know I was so emotionally connected to the kid; I cried, man, I cried." The truth was that Syme died in an auto accident, something Reeves would find out after his cousin searched the Internet for information. "My feeling was so intense that it told me how much I missed the kid," said Reeves. Still, he did not send a sympathy card to his son. "It's been so long for everything." Reeves understands that his vagabond lifestyle -- including more than 20 years of drug use and heroin addiction -- contributed to his estrangement from his kids. He hit bottom in 1992 when he was arrested at Hilo Airport while attempting to sell heroin to an acquaintance. "All of a sudden, we were surrounded by cops," he says. Reeves was sentenced to 10 years in prison but was paroled two years after the arrest. He returned to his mother's modest two-bedroom home in Kapahulu, an easy walk from Waikiki Beach, where he often goes after visiting a Kakaako drug treatment center for his daily dose of methadone. He earned his GED while in prison. Standing on the porch of his mother's home, Reeves says he wants to go to a nearby park to talk. Reeves, 5 feet 10 inches tall and 230 pounds, limps from arthritis, has Grave's disease, diabetes, heart problems and needs serious dental work. During a two-hour interview, he makes no excuses for his life, blaming only himself for his troubles, and admits, "I'm embarrassed by it all." "I didn't envision my life this way," he said. "I had no idea when I was partying at 30 that at 59 I would be living with my mother (Sarah Lillian Reeves, 78) in my grandmom's house and be on food stamps." Asked if he thinks his wealthy son could help, Reeves snaps, "This is not Keanu's problem; it's mine." Reeves dismisses several things that have been written about him, chiefly that he abandoned his family when Keanu was 2 years old. He says he did travel with his brother, caring for horses owned by his stepfather, but that he shared a Toronto apartment with wife Patricia, a former Paris showgirl, until Keanu was "about 5," and remained close to the boy for years. Reeves and Patricia divorced when their son was 15, he said. The couple had met and married in Beirut, Lebanon, when Reeves was 21, Patricia, 19. Keanu and Kim were both born in Beirut, although other media have reported that Kim was born in Australia. Toronto was more accessible to Reeves' mother, "who raised those kids," he said. "She would come back and forth between Toronto and Honolulu." Reeves admits to having "lots of fun" during the turbulent '60s, adding it was "a hard time to be married." He remarried twice after divorcing Patricia and has not spoken to his first wife for 30 years. It is not surprising that Samuel Reeves, who was born in Honolulu and attended Waikiki Elementary, became a wanderer. After his parents divorced and his mother remarried, the family moved to various cities in Europe. Reeves left Hawaii at age 10. He remained in Beirut because he liked the city, working for a time in a publishing house as a clerk. He says he learned some French and Hebrew -- but, "I have no trade at all." He met Patricia when she was performing at a Beirut casino. "She roped me right in as soon as I saw her. When she got pregnant, she just flat out told me, 'I'm going to pop out the little buggah, so we're getting married.' It was fine with me." There's a glow in Reeves' eyes when he speaks of certain incidents involving his son, and his recall of tiny details is surprising after so many years. He talks in painful detail about trying to contact Keanu while in prison. "I remember I was reminiscing a bit, and I wrote to him about some of the times we had," Reeves laughed nervously. "Never got a response." Still, Keanu's celebrity status made prison life easier. "It was the first time I realized that Keanu was big time, and all these part-Hawaiians were so proud because Keanu was part-Hawaiian," Reeves said. "The guards would take care of me and make sure I got good jobs." When Keanu's band, Dogstar, performed at World Cafe in Honolulu last year, Reeves dropped off a note at the club that included his home phone number. The venue is near Reeves' methadone clinic. "I didn't really expect a response." Until about age 15, Keanu was a frequent visitor to the 25-acre Big Island farm that Samuel had bought from his grandmother. The property is now owned by a 21-year-old daughter from Reeves' second marriage. "I remember Keanu liked trucks, building things and music," Reeves said. "His mother chased him away and that was it. I was upset about it, but I just figured that was the way it was. It's a wonderment to me how I let it happen." Could it have been his drug use? "I've always smoked pot," he said. "In Beirut I did some cocaine and heroin, then I stopped, but started again in Hawaii." Recently, while going through old boxes, Reeves found several letters he wrote that he never sent to Keanu. "I don't know why I didn't mail them." Then he remembers an interview with his son he recently read. "Keanu said my life was 'tragic' and, oh boy, does that hurt. Sad, yeah? I never figured things would end up this way. But he'll always be my boy." <N> Keanu Reeves Interview (Translated from German by Makee, translation edited by Anakin McFly) by Richard Blair Gay or not, strong and vulnerable, adventurer and couch potato - the man is a cluster of contrasts. With "The Matrix", Keanu Reeves became an actor of cult status, and now the fan community is waiting for the next hype. Penthouse: What does 'Keanu' mean? Reeves: In Hawaii, Keanu is a cool breeze that comes from the mountains. My father was Hawaiian with Chinese blood in his veins, but primarily he was an American. And after the United States clearly sided with the Israelis during the war, the climate became a little uncomfortable for our family. So we moved to Australia, then to New York. Penthouse: Which turned out to be the beginning of the end. Reeves: Right. My father moved back to Hawaii and divorced my mother. My mother despises New York, but there she was able to work in her profession and support us all. That's where she met the director Paul Aaron, who worked on Broadway and in Hollywood. They married in 1970. Penthouse: Did you miss your father? Reeves: Paul, our stepfather, was pretty cool. My sister Kim and I actually liked him. But like all puberty-laden teenagers, we thought that the world would be much better if we could be with our biological father. That was only possible during school vacations. Penthouse: Then your father suddenly disappeared. Reeves: I spent my last vacation with him when I was 13 years old. On our last day we sat on the veranda and stared at the dark sky. He hardly said anything that evening. The next day he brought us to the airport. Then we didn't hear anything from him for 10 years. No calls, no letters, nothing. Penthouse: Did you search for him? Reeves: We were on the other side of the planet. But neither the police nor hospitals were able to find Dad. As if the earth swallowed him. Simply disappeared. Penthouse: When did your father reappear? Reeves: About 10 years later, but we no longer had any contact with one another. And in July 1994, we found out that my father was convicted to 10 years of prison for possession of cocaine. So much to this subject. Penthouse: Have you had any contacts with drugs? Reeves: Beginning in the eighth grade, we occasionally smoked pot. Occasionally we got hold of some hash. Of course there was LSD, but that was pretty rare. I was too interested in a hockey career to get involved in a career as a druggie. Penthouse: While you were a teenager, you had house guests such as Alice Cooper and David Bowie? Reeves: My mother loved music at the time. When she sat at her sewing machine, there was always some kind of record spinning in the background on her record player. She also began designing stage costumes for Dolly Parton and rockers like David Bowie and Alice Cooper. Our little brick house turned into a pass through house for glam rockers who wanted to look good on their tours. Alice Cooper was always ready for some kind of joke. For instance, fake puke or dog shit was strategically placed on the sofa to drive our cleaning lady crazy. It doesn't get any cooler than that. My home turned into a giant playground, on which even the adults played. Penthouse: How did that affect the development of your personality? Reeves: First came the theater. I was fascinated by the possibility of becoming someone else on the stage. We had a theater group in my school. When they produced a performance of "The Crucible" (Arthur Miller), I simply auditioned. Penthouse: Were you aware at the time that your life would change completely? Reeves: Of course not. It was one of the many crazy ideas that teenagers have. Most of them don't come true; otherwise, we would have too many firemen and astronauts. But on the stage, I first felt the strength that can emanate when you do and say the right things within the right context. Penthouse: So, then you auditioned at the Toronto High School for Performing Arts? Reeves: I really didn'thave a chance as a beginner. Think about it. I was a damned hockey player. But the teachers must have seen enough potential to give me a chance. And suddenly I didn't do anything else. It was as though I finally found my place in this world, I finally knew who I was. I had the key to my identity in my hand. There is nothing more important for a teenager going through puberty. Penthouse: At 16 you had your first commercial spot. Reeves: For Coca Cola, which was shown throughout North America. The spot was about a bike race, nothing special really, but it was a big step for me. I got a bunch of small parts in Canadian TV, such as "Night Heat" and slowly but surely got better. Penthouse: One article mentions you lacked bodily hygiene at the time. Reeves: I think my body odor must have sometimes been really difficult for some of my colleagues. But at the time, it really wasn't important to me. You can always take a shower; but talent, you either have it or not. Penthouse: Sounds pretty arrogant. Reeves: But it's not meant like that. Even if you constantly play by our society's rules, you're still not guaranteed any success. Im sticking with it. There are more important things in life than deodorant. Penthouse: I hope you took a shower today. Reeves: I did it just for you. Penthouse: Your breakthrough came with "Youngblood". Reeves: I wouldn't call it a breakthrough, because we all expected more from this movie. Otherwise I wouldn't have stood on skates again. Pretty ironic. I drive 4,000 miles to change my life and suddenly Im just the hockey player. Rob Lowe was the star. Penthouse: "River's Edge" was your first major film and said a lot about American youth. Reeves: The age group that advertising strategies termed Generation X was so dulled that not even death was able to tear them out of their lethargy. It was a dark, almost nihilistic statement that no one then had made until that time. Penthouse: Your next movie "Permanent Record" was about suicide. Reeves: I believe that books, theater plays and films that confront death, in which the audience is forced to think about death, belong to the most important statements every artist can make. Comedies are nice. You make good money with action. But when all is said and done, only one question remains: where do we go when we are done? Penthouse: Don't tell me you have an answer to that. Reeves: For me, yes. But I don't know if my answer has any validity for you. I believe that everyone has to search for and find his or her own answer. Art can be helpful. Not the way world religions present the answers and they just have to be accepted. But by the way artists get on a stage and confront the audience with questions. Questions that help you find the right answer for yourself. Penthouse: Pretty deep for an actor that found fame with brainless comedies and mindless action spectacles. Reeves: At the time, I wasn't that far myself. And whether "Bill and Ted" was really so brainless or "Speed" was really that mindless... well we can discuss that in more detail later. Penthouse: "The Night Before" was the first time you simulated sex in front of a camera. Reeves: That wasn't easy. As a man you never know whether you need to apologize to your partner because you have an erection or because you don't have one. Penthouse: How do you handle that? Reeves: There are some funny suggestions. Some actors masturbate beforehand to be able to approach the scene in a relaxed manner. Others have a drink to lose their inhibitions. Some read porn. Penthouse: And you? Reeves: I throw a mint in my mouth and hope that my ass is well lit. No, seriously. I don't have a special technique. If you already know the actress like Charlie (Charlize Theron), it's easier. As an actor, you just get through it. After all, that's what you get paid for. Penthouse: With "Bill and Ted" came stardom. Reeves: No one was able to predict the success of "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure". I always wanted to play a really silly comedy. Something without any deep meaning. I wanted two hours of film fun, in the tradition of Blues Brothers, Animal House or the Marx Brothers. But I was really surprised when phrases from our movie became part of the American verbal culture. Penthouse: During the following movie "I Love You to Death" you met River Phoenix. Reeves: Until that point, I had practically no friends in the film scene because I hadn't met anyone that I wanted to hang out with privately. It's easier for me to separate my private life from my business. River Phoenix's childhood was even more curious than mine. He was also interested in acting for its sake. For him, it wasn't about a career, it was about his work. I can't stand this vain behavior among actors where they constantly talk about their agents, their deals and their salaries. It simply bores me. Penthouse: Gus Van Sant, who not only outed himself years ago but is also a gay political activitist, was criticized because he casted two heterosexual actors as the main characters. Reeves: I think that we are much further than that today. Rupert Everett acts beside Julia Roberts and openly admits his sexual orientation. Anne Heche works with Harrison Ford and the film does well, although the moral majority on all continents claim the opposite. Tom Selleck plays a gay reporter that shows Kevin Kline what he really is. Penthouse: How did you research your role as a gay prostitute? Reeves: I spent many nights with the street kids of Portland in back alleys, dark street corners and abandoned houses. I watched how male hookers finished off their customers behind dumpsters and how they shot up bad heroin. Penthouse: In "Interview Magazine" you were quoted as saying: "I'm not gay, but ya never know." What did you mean? Reeves: The way I said it. I'm not gay, but who knows the things that can still happen in my life. I don't want to be nailed to a particular life style. I like to live in hotels, but it's possible that I may buy a house someday. I can't say today how I will live tomorrow. Penthouse: In 1995, a French magazine printed a story which stated that you secretly married David Geffen. Reeves: I don't know what David Geffen thought about the article, since we have never met. But I thought it was very funny. The same year, I was named one of the 50 most beautiful people (People Magazine). Neither can be taken seriously. Penthouse: Why didn't you take any legal action against the magazine? Reeves: Because it's absolutely OK to be gay. If I publicly defended myself against such slander, it would appear that I had something against homosexuals. And I don't want that. Everyone who knows me knows that I'm not married. Not to a woman or to a man. Penthouse: Then came "The Matrix" The film became a cult. Does that surprise you? Reeves: Yea, somewhat. I want to make something clear. I am not Jesus. I am also no prophet or lone fighter that will save the world. I find it frightening how many people believe that being acquainted with me would solve their personal problems. That's simply not so. But I'm still participating in the next two Matrix films with enthusiasm. Penthouse: Of course you are not allowed to reveal anything about the plot. Then tell me something about the affairs during the shoots. Reeves: They happen. <N> Keanu Reeves: The three billion dollar man Who can earn $100m a job... Make films that gross $740m... Give away $100m to his film crew... And strip and fix his own motorcyles? Keanu Reeves can... The New York Ritz-Carltons most luxurious suite is on the 15th floor. It affords a magnificent view of Manhattan, as one of the worlds highest-paid actors has just found out. A wail of police sirens has drawn him to the floor-length window. While I wait in a ridiculously ornate rococo chair, he swings a Starbucks coffee cup from his fingers and presses his face to the glass. Scroll down below for The Day The Earth Stood Still trailer... He looks a lot younger than 44. His hair is jet black, gelled and sticking up in spikes. Hes over 6ft and has broad, muscular shoulders, but seems to be doing his utmost to disguise his handsome  even beautiful  face. He arrived without entourage, unshaven and dressed in ripped jeans, scuffed brown biker boots, black T-shirt and black blazer. The boots, incongruous in our plush surroundings, are no pose, but a symbol of Reevess vagabond spirit. Despite his wealth, Reeves has only just bought his first house, having lived in hotels and on-set trailers for much of his life. Hed been talking about life on the highway before the sirens interrupted him. As they fade, he picks up the thread. I love riding through Los Angeles on my own, with the wind, the sound He imitates the twin-piston noise of a Norton motorbike engine. And then there are the aesthetics, the beauty of the motorcycle and the smell of a hot Norton, the oil oozing out  its fantastic. 'I have a 1973 Norton Commando 850 Mk II Roadster with an Interstate tank on it and raised compression. Its got rear sets (pedals) and a front fork stabiliser. I am also very fortunate to have a 1972 Norton Combat Commando and a 1969 Fastback with some period engine modifications  a camshaft and slightly raised compression again, which keeps things reliable, and a Manx fender on the front. Theres a helmet law in California, but for years I wouldnt wear one. I crashed a few times. Once, a car pulled a U-turn in front of me, didnt see me coming and I couldnt get out of the way. That ones responsible for my fake teeth. He bares a perfect set of incisors. I sheared some skin off my right shin and I have a scar on my stomach from running into the hillside when I took a turn a little too fast. He shows me the battle scars. Ive ruptured my spleen, Ive broken my ankle and Ive got a couple of scars on my knees I point to the scar above his mouth. Oh, yeah  thats when my tooth went through my upper lip, he says. You go faster when youre younger, but I wont give up. I love it. Not only is Reeves unfazed by these injuries; they seem as meaningful to him as anything hes achieved in his 20 years in Hollywood. This is more significant when you consider the sheer extent of his success as an actor: in dollar terms, hes one of the biggest and safest bankers in the business, as effective at garnering profits for his films as Pitt, Clooney, Cruise or DiCaprio. Its estimated that in total his films have grossed a staggering $3 billion  the Matrix series made $1.7 billion, with The Matrix Reloaded alone pulling in $740 million. Which explains how, after the series was filmed, he could afford to share $100 million of his earnings with the costume and special-effects teams. Reeves made his name with the cult Bill & Ted slacker comedies and followed up with the art-house classic My Own Private Idaho, co-starring his friend River Phoenix, who died of a drug overdose in 1993. Next he appeared in the adrenaline-charged hit Point Break and Bernardo Bertoluccis Little Buddha. After the 1994 action blockbuster Speed he was hailed as the new action hero  yet he turned down Speed 2. I dont want to keep doing the same things over and over again, he says. Whats the point? Its an attitude more suited to a drifter than an A-list actor. Keanu with his Harley-Davidson Dyna Wide Glide Some critics have questioned Reevess acting ability, accusing him of getting by on good looks and luck. Its true he doesnt bring the same intensity to a role as, say, Robert De Niro  but perhaps thats the secret of his success. Reeves is a blank page, blowing in and out of movies, his Midas touch enabling him to earn pay cheques that dwarf those of his more actorly peers. Whats even more ironic is that Reeves does seem genuinely uninterested in money and is known to donate a large proportion of his income to charity. Could this self-confessed nomad in fact be one of the most astute actors of his generation? Reeves has never married and remains extremely reticent about his private life (just before this interview, he was asked at a media junket if he was currently dating; he roared with anguish, pulled his hands over his face and shouted, Aargh! I am not going there!). Hes never played much of a publicity game and admits that he finds the media difficult to deal with. This alienation gives the impression that theres something other-worldly about Reeves  which is apt, as were here to discuss his new sci-fi film, The Day The Earth Stood Still, a $100 million remake of the 1951 classic. In this version, Reeves plays Klaatu, an alien who arrives on Earth with a warning to humanity to end its constant fighting or face annihilation. With a stunning CGI recreation of robot Gort and co-starring Jennifer Connelly, the film should be one of the biggest blockbusters of the Christmas season. I loved the original Michael Rennie film, he says. I remember seeing it first when I was 14 on a black-and-white television. Its a cautionary tale. Its about our apocalyptic tendencies: mans extinction impulse. Klaatu is trying to get an international summit together and its not happening. 'Hes thinking, I can wipe you out and yet you cant sit at the same table. How self-centred are you? The film is also about human nature, the fact that its only when our backs are against the wall that we do anything to change. Sci-fi is the only genre Reeves works in consistently. As well as the Matrix films, he also appeared in Johnny Mnemonic, Chain Reaction and A Scanner Darkly. I used to escape into another world as a kid, he says. I built spaceships. It was that whole idea of getting out of my own circumstances, a fascination with distant planets, unknown mysteries, going wherever the imagination could go. I loved Star Wars, 2001: A Space Odyssey and Blade Runner. He pauses and adds, quite without pretension, In Jungian terms, its all about adventure and the heroic archetypes. In Freudian terms, its all about swords. And mothers and fathers. Reeves laughs at his own attempt at pop psychology. But hes not showing off. Our interview is littered with references to his wide-ranging reading: hes just finished Prousts A La Recherche Du Temps Perdu, talks at length about Updikes Rabbit novels and refers at one stage to his spatial conceptual predilection. It makes sense that escapism appealed to Reeves from an early age. He was born in Beirut to a British mother, Patricia, who was a casino showgirl. She married his Chinese-Hawaiian father, Samuel Nowlin Reeves, who abandoned the family a few years later (Reeves has two younger sisters). I've crashed a few times, ruptured my spleen - but I won't give up After years travelling around the world with her children, Patricia eventually settled in Toronto, where she became a successful costume designer. Reeves and his sisters had a succession of stepfathers while growing up, but the actor is still estranged from his natural father. Reeves left home at 17 and headed for Hollywood three years later. I got a green card, jumped in my car, drove across the border from Canada and came to LA, he says. I had some speakers in boxes in the back. If I was with a girl, Id take out the speakers and put them on the roof so we could dance. Id throw camping equipment in the back and go off for weekends. 'I stayed with my stepfather in his guest bedroom; he was a writer and director. Then I made some friends and moved into an apartment. Ive had a vagabond life. So far that life hasnt included children. I know hes good with kids; I met him years ago in Minneapolis during the filming of Feeling Minnesota. He didnt have a lot to say to me, but struck up a lengthy conversation with my daughter, who was two at the time, over tea in the hospitality suite, making her laugh and sharing his chocolate-chip cookie. I remind him of this, and he begins to talk about his own childhood, which is interesting, as he has always studiously avoided the subject in the past. It was difficult, he says. I went to four different high schools in five years. I was OK academically, good at English and creative writing. I was on the chess team. Poor at maths and science, he excelled at basketball and baseball and was such a skilled ice-hockey goalie he was nicknamed The Wall. His acting talent earned him a place at a prestigious performing-arts school, but the experience was traumatic. It was a very small school and I guess I didnt fit in. I had conflicts and run-ins with the staff. The principal and I didnt see eye to eye. I was one of those Why? kids  I asked too many questions about everything. I couldnt stop even if it got me into trouble. 'I wanted my autonomy, and if you wanted to impose something on me, then you and I would have a problem. The teenager was so rebellious he ended up getting expelled at 16. When I raise this, Reeves bursts out laughing, then sighs and covers his face with his hands. Of course, it wasnt funny then  its a terrible letter to receive, saying you cant come back to school next year. Getting asked to leave was very upsetting. He had the last laugh, though. I did. Ironic, isnt it? Reeves believes his rebellious nature is due to being part-English. I havent gone back to Hampshire (where his mother was born). My mother left home when she was very young, 14 or 15. But she is a very independent woman and passed that on. 'She gave me British manners  which side of the plate the fork goes on, but also the two fingers (he gives me the V-sign). That was an attitude I inherited. 'I do feel English. I was raised on The Two Ronnies, Monty Python I always loved the irreverence. Maybe it led to me getting that letter from school. For years after his long drive to LA he was effectively homeless. Even as a rising film star, his only semi-permanent base was the Chateau Marmont hotel, a popular celebrity haunt on Sunset Boulevard. The road has been my home for a long time, says Reeves. I was in Australia for 16 months making Matrix Revolutions and Reloaded. Ive made over 40 films, so Ive lived in trailers for long periods. When you think about it, with 12-hour shooting days, it works out at four years in total sitting in a trailer. Reeves describes his new $4 million house in the Hollywood Hills as chateau modern. Its got two bedrooms, 13ft ceilings and French oak floors, he says. Its very rectangular with a lot of straight lines, but theres also a lot of limestone tile. I used stone, glass, steel and wood. Im kind of behind on furniture, though. I must get some. And I dont cook yet. I eat out. It doesnt sound like he feels at home there, and it seems hes still happiest on the road, in his 1996 all-black Porsche Carrera, or riding one of his classic Norton Commandos, incognito in helmet and leathers, racing along the Pacific Coast Highway. With these bikes you have to break in the engine  you cant raise the rpms too much. I was given a $50,000 West Coast Chopper for my 40th birthday by Sandra Bullocks husband (motorbike builder Jesse James). 'I took it out down Sunset late one night  it was only the second time riding it  and in my enthusiasm I revved it a little too high for too long and blew the engine Oops. I can do my own minor repairs. If the cable breaks I can fix it, but I cant do a bottom-up rebuild. By now Reeves has almost forgotten that hes doing an interview. I ask about his favourite drive, and its as if hes already pounding the Tarmac. Id take Sunset Boulevard, a 30-mile-long street thats quite residential. If theres a good moon out you can coast all the way down to the ocean and make a right on the Pacific Coast Highway for 50 miles. Its pretty fantastic. Im a city/countryside biker  I havent done the trans-continental ride yet. What I do is nothing compared to Ewan McGregor. Now he is doing some riding. I also like riding at night. You shut off your lights and go. Its quiet and youre guided by the moonlight. Youre getting away from it all. 'Its about getting out and feeling the wind in your hair, just having two wheels to ride. You have to be in the present, here and now  theres nothing like it. You take a turn and go. Its a clich that money doesnt buy you happiness. But it does buy you the freedom to live your life the way you want. HOW TO ACT YOUR WAY TO $3BN: A MASTERCLASS Above: Keanu Reeves as the alien Klaatu in The Day The Earth Stood Still - his spacecraft is in the background. Above: As Neo in stunningly successful The Matrix, the first of the trilogy; with Carrie Anne-Moss in the same film. Above right: With Alex Winter (Bill) and William Sadler (Grim Reaper) in Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey. Above left: at the beach with Patrick Swayze in Point Break. Below: Helping Sandra Bullock try to save a bus from exploding in Speed. Watch The Day The Earth Stood still trailer... The Day The Earth Stood Still opens on December 12 <N> The Wild One. Keanu Reeves on Sex, Hollywood and Life on the Run. Young and Restless by Michael Shnayerson Last year, Speed made Keanu Reeves a superstar. But after 24 movies, the actor remains an enigma: a man who earns millions, yet lives out of a suitcase; a heartthrob who dates few women, yet fends off rumors of a gay marriage; an actor who can appear in Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure or Hamlet with equal conviction and appeal. With Reeves's new W.W. II romance, A Walk in the Clouds, due on-screen this month, MICHAEL SHNAYERSON met with the star in Minneapolis to pose the essential question: Offscreen, just who is Keanu? From hotel to hotel, he takes only a single suitcase. "I've got it pretty pared down," Keanu says. "A couple of pairs of pants, a few T-shirts, socks, underwear, one suit, a sport jacket, a pair of shoes." For months now, Keanu Reeves has been homeless. There's a story attached, but the details are vague. "It's just something that happened," Reeves says. So the star of Hollywood screen and Winnipeg stage lives in hotels, moving as the work demands. His latest abode, as he puts it with that odd formality of his -- part earnest gentleman, part grown-up Valley dude -- is a businessman's hotel in downtown Minneapolis. I know to expect that subtly Asian beauty -- the dark, intense eyes, the prominent cheekbones, the golden skin. The surprise is Keanu's lanky six-foot frame. On this gray spring afternoon he bears little resemblance to the actor who appeared in Speed, his surprise hit of last summer. The buzz cut has grown out. The strong jaw sports three days' stubble. He's let the action-hero muscles go, too, and, as casually as he seemed to come by it, the chance to be his generation's Schwarzenegger or Stallone. Keanu said a year ago he didn't want the job. Now he's proved it, with two films that bear no more relation to Speed than to each other. Johnny Mnemonic is a 21st-century sci-fi thriller that opened in May and quickly drifted into cyberspace. A Walk in the Clouds, out this month, is more commercial, but in a new way for its 30-year-old star: it's his first romantic lead. With any luck, the movie should do for him what Legends of the Fall did for Brad Pitt. In fact, so seductive and graceful is his performance that it will probably fail to dispel two oddly ubiquitous assumptions about him. That he's dumb. And that he's gay. "Who do I like?" It's a quiz question. Category: playwrights. Outside the Walker Art Center, Keanu frowns. "Stoppard to an extent, Edward Albee, Ionesco, Joe Orton. And the man who wrote ... *Aaagghhh!*" Keanu flashes a sheepish grin. "Half-sentences," he recites, "half-utterances searching in the past, / grappling, groping, never last. / In my body, in my heart, and in my mind, / but not on my tongue! / And so my song remains unsung." "Who wrote that?" Keanu issues the boyish laugh I've heard more than once in our short time together, the laugh he laughs when he's stuck for words. *Hee-hee.* "I just made it up." "What? That bit? Just now?" "Yeah..." Keanu brightens. "Oh -- Alfred Jarry! And Ibsen." Keanu has lively, intelligent eyes. He asks sharp, sometimes startling questions. And how many stars can speak in doggerel? He is, however, almost painfully shy. Asked about himself, he squirms like a schoolboy or lapses into silence. He pulls at tufts of his silky black hair and smacks his forehead with his palm. His long arms windmill the air. If the gods of speech respond to none of these appeals, he falls back in his seat with a resigned "whatever." Gradually he relaxes, until the moment is right and the question hits a chord. Then out comes an extended riff, clever and original. But not everyone waits around that long. In a strange way, Keanu's good manners hurt him, too: he's so decorous he almost seems dim. Asked about his latest films, he says, "Oh, thank you for asking." Surprised or distressed, he comes out with "Oh my gosh!" You can hear the Canadian in that rousing expletive, and certainly his upbringing north of the border explains a lot about him: they're *nicer* up there. But for a hockey goalie turned actor who guards his privacy zone like a scoring box, etiquette is also a perfect defense. Some assume there's nothing behind it; others think he has secrets to hide. As a younger actor in teen-appeal movies -- Youngblood, Permanent Record, The Prince of Pennsylvania -- Keanu was even more guarded than he is today. He slouched around, on-screen and off, in sloppy sweatshirts, big shorts, and unlaced sneakers, said "dude" and "awesome," and admitted to bathing only once or twice a week. None of his young fans thought him dumb. They thought he was cool. The dumbness rap grew out of Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. So well did he play the Valleyspeak teen and air-guitarist *extraordinaire* in the 1989 hit and its sequel that a new, broader audience-parents and the press assumed Keanu was Ted. Maybe, he admits, he did like the role enough to take a bit of it home. And perhaps in that first flash of national exposure, I suggest, playing Keanu-as-Ted offscreen was a smart way to keep the world at bay. "No," Keanu says, somewhat offended, as we pause before Rothko and Kiefer canvases in the Walker's collection of 20th-century art. "I've never played stupid to keep someone distant. I don't play stupid. Either it's been a failure on my part to articulate, or my naivete, or ingenuousness, or sometimes it's the nature of the form.... And you know, I find myself more able to give an explanation of a project five years later than in the middle of it. It's so present-tense! I can tell you how I feel, but its context is harder to explain.... Sometimes when I'm interviewed I'm not ready to do that. So you say ... *excellent*! And you know what, man? It's O.K." A striking number of top directors seem not to have confused Keanu with Ted at all. To Stephen Frears (Dangerous Liaisons), Lawrence Kasdan (I Love You to Death), Kathryn Bigelow (Point Break), Ron Howard (Parenthood), Gus Van Sant (My Own Private Idaho), Kenneth Branagh (Much Ado About Nothing), Francis Ford Coppola (Bram Stoker's Dracula), and Benardo Bertolucci (Little Buddha), among others, Keanu radiates a visceral, emotional intelligence found only in the best natural actors. He has character -- an old-fashioned moral imperative that shines through in every role -- wrapped around a core of reserve of feelings withheld. Above all, he's a risktaker, gamely plunging into wildly different roles without a thought for the exigencies of image. "He's a brave, resilient actor who takes the knocks and plaudits with equal grace," says Kenneth Branagh. "As a result, he just gets better and better." A Walk in the Clouds is Keanu's best work yet. The plot concerns a soldier who meets a tearful woman on a train and learns she's pregnant out of wedlock, heading home to face the certain wrath of her father, a wealthy vineyard owner. The soldier gallantly volunteers to pose as her husband for a night, meeting her parents, sleeping on the floor of her bedroom, then ducking out before dawn -- so the baby will seem legitimate. Soon, of course, he's picking grapes and locking eyes with his new love across the vines. Director Alfonso Arau (Like Water for Chocolate) made the movie as a passion play tinged with magical realism. "I said [to Keanu], 'You can play a very romantic character if you want,'" Arau recalls. "'How much do you want to work?"' Keanu, the director felt, had the rectitude of a returning war hero, but too much innocence. "I said, 'Keanu, you are going to have to interpret as a grown man, as opposed to an adolescent."' Which meant conveying not only more maturity but also passion. "You can feel that he has all these emotions below the skin," says Arau, "so I had to open the door for them." "In rehearsal, we did some improvs," Keanu says, back in his hotel room. "Alfonso and I concocted a situation where I lost a buddy, so I'd have that in my body.... I wanted to have a man who through his experiences had come back desperately lonely, had seen death, and that caused in him an appreciation for life." At the moment, he's in actor shock, as he puts it, over the way the film was edited. "The wounded bird I portrayed has been ... less wounded. They've made him stronger; you don't see his internal battle as much. [It's like] I'm missing a limb and I keep going to use it." But he understands what Arau was after. "The film's on that line of ... melodrama. It's larger than life, operatic sometimes." "Sort of a throwback." "But is it a throwback? ... Do you believe that?" Keanu asks a lot of questions. Perhaps because he never went to college, perhaps out of innate curiosity. Shy as he is, he's also learned that asking questions is easier than answering them. "What about Feeling Minnesota?" I bat back. This is, as one might guess the film that's brought him to the proud Twin Cities. Shooting is about to begin. "Have you read the script?" he asks. "Yeah." "How many *times* have you read it?" "Once." "What did you think of it? How did you *feel* about it?" Feeling Minnesota is a noir-ish comedy in which Keanu and his co-star Vincent D'Onofrio, play low-life brothers whose hatred for each other erupts over a gangster's moll and leads to a lot of blood in cheap motels. I confess I couldn't tell it was a comedy until halfway through the script. "Now, you haven't said yet that it's a romance." Keanu laughs. *Hee-hee*! "When I first read it I didn't like it at all. I found it very harsh.... I've given it to a couple of people and they've ..." Word search; search fail. "But then when they read it again they see it." Brilliant as the script may be, not every actor of Keanu's stature would have leapt at a $7.8 million feature by a first-time screenwriter who was, moreover, a first-time director. "We met in Danny DeVito's office at Sony," explains Steven Baigelman, the 34-year-old writer-director. DeVito and his Jersey Films partners, Stacey Sher and Michael Shamberg, fresh from producing Pulp Fiction, are making Feeling Minnesota along with Keanu's longtime manager, Erwin Stoff. "I don't know what it is that clicked between us, but we hit it off," says Baigelman. "Couple of days later he committed. Couple of days after *that*, Speed opened and went through the roof. He had committed verbally but hadn't signed." Overnight, reportedly, Speed boosted Keanu's asking price per picture to $7 million, and the guy doesn't even have to break a contract to lose this Baigelman and go for the big money. Isn't money what it's all about? "No, no, no, no!" Keanu says with much bemused headshaking. "As long as it doesn't have to be about money, then it's *not* about money." So what *is* it about? "The one thing that's constant," Keanu says, "is the acting. That's what it's for." "He's like a monk," says Alfonso Arau, "totally devoted to his craft." Others echo this. "They say you lead an almost hermit-like life," I suggest. "Is that too strong a term for it?" "Yeah. Hermit-like, cloistered, monastic... " Keanu ticks them off with gentle mockery. "Those are too strong." Long silence. "But they're close." From hotel to hotel, he brings a single suitcase. "I've got it pretty pared down," he says. A couple of pairs of pants, a few T-shirts, socks, underwear, one suit, a sport jacket, a pair of shoes. He has only three possessions of any consequence. A bass guitar, so he can play with his folk-rock band, Dogstar, and two Norton motorcycles, British-made in the 1970s. Which raises the obvious question of what he does with all that money. "Ah, what do I do?" He thinks about it. "It affords one a certain amount of freedom and travel, and I can buy older Bordeaux. I can afford my two Nortons, which is akin to sending a child to a middle-expensive university in the U.S. But the travel is great." "Did you travel last year between films?" Keanu looks embarrassed. "Actually, no," he says. "I didn't." Keanu goes from project to project without interruption now, it seems. Whether or not he is ever pleased with his work is unclear. "One of the things that locked us together," says Robert Longo, director of Johnny Mnemonic, "was that I'd think everything was bad." Every shot could be better. "Keanu would go off and keep doing the scene, too, thinking it could be better." Robert Kamen, the screenwriter for A Walk in the Clouds, puts it more bluntly. "He gets angry at himself," Kamen says. "He just doesn't think his acting is any good." "There are days when I'm O.K.," Keanu says. But not too many. "Maybe it's because I'm a Virgo; it's in my sign to be hard on myself." In his downtime on the sets of Johnny Mnemonic and A Walk in the Clouds, Keanu could often be found muttering Shakespeare. It was no mere exercise: he had committed to take on theater's greatest challenge at the end of his busiest year ever. Nearly a year ahead of time, Keanu agreed to block out two months for the production, at less than $2,000 a week. Speed's success made the sacrifice specific: he had to turn down four movies, including Heat, with Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino. "Yeah," he says. "But ... Hamlet!" Keanu went alone with his suitcase to Winnipeg in early December for the start of rehearsals. He found a city giddy with anticipation. One local paper announced a daily Keanu watch. For the play's sold-out run, hotel rooms were booked by Keanuphiles, mostly women, from all over the world; one woman flew all the way from Australia to sit through eight performances. Among the cast of professional Shakespeareans, there may have lurked a doubt as to the seriousness of their leading man. The doubts were soon dispelled. "The thing that impressed me on the first day," recalls Stephen Russell, a veteran of 17 Stratford Festivals, who played Claudius in the production, "was how much work he had done. This was not going to be a star turn or walk in the park. And what I realized, too, was how his principles are etched in stone. He carries a lot of weight extremely well." With international press in attendance for opening night, the weight of expectation felt suddenly crushing. Even now, Keanu groans at the memory. "One of the most horrific nights of my life, oh my gosh! I was surviving, not performing." The critics agreed. Keanu, they wrote, seemed overwhelmed by the soliloquies; one declared he simply lacked the equipment to handle Hamlet's melancholy, and came alive only in the fight scenes. "But," Keanu says, "it got better." So wrote Roger Lewis in The Sunday Times of London. Lewis stuck around to see Keanu's confidence seep back in later performances, and declared his Hamlet terrific. "He quite embodied the innocence, the splendid fury, the animal grace of the leaps and bounds, the emotional violence, that form the Prince of Denmark," he reported. "He is one of the top three Hamlets I have seen, for a simple reason: he *is* Hamlet." It was while he was in Winnipeg, Keanu says, that he first heard the rumor that had originated in Italian and Spanish newspapers, then spread to all of L.A. and New York: not only was he gay but he had even entered into a secret marriage with producer David Geffen. "So," I ask, "about this Geffen business..." Keanu gives me a level gaze. "I've never met the man." "But suddenly this rumor was everywhere. Like Richard Gere and gerbils." "It's funny, a friend of mine said that." "Does it bother you?" Keanu shrugs. "It's so ridiculous, I find it funny." "I've never laid eyes on him," Geffen confirms, by now more than a little exasperated by the question. "It's a phenomenon: people *make* *this* *stuff* *up.* I even had a friend say that his trainer said he was *at* *the* *wedding.* You think I could keep something like that *secret?* And then people saying I bought Keanu $15,000 worth of clothes at Barneys. I mean, come on. I'd buy him some clothes, but he doesn't need that. It's just an ugly, mean-spirited rumor meant to hurt him because he's a movie star." Speculation about Keanu's sexuality goes back at least five years, when a reporter from Interview asked him directly if he was gay. Keanu denied it, adding, rather sweetly, "But ya never know." Some of the talk seems inspired by the observation that Keanu has had no high-visibility romances with women. "Wouldn't it be useful," I suggest, "to shoot the rumors down cold?" Keanu is taken aback. "Well, I mean, there's nothing wrong with being gay, so to deny it is to make a judgment. And why make a big deal of it? If someone doesn't want to hire me because they think I'm gay, well, then I have to deal with it, I guess. Or if people were picketing a theater. But otherwise, it's just gossip, isn't it?" One of the few simple facts of Keanu's childhood is his name, which means "cool breeze over the mountains" in Hawaiian. It's the sort of name you get when you have a Hawaiian-Chinese father -- the Reeveses go way back in Oahu -- and a British bohemian mother who in a burst of 60s abandon head off to pre-war Beirut to hang out, producing a baby in the process. The money to finance this idyll seems to have come from Keanu's paternal stepgrandfather, who made a small fortune bringing a children's edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica to Canada. Samuel Nowlin Reeves and his young wife, Patricia, better known as Patric, made a striking pair, he at the wheel of a purple Jaguar XKE, she in cowboy boots, blue jeans, and a mink coat. Or so it's been reported. There also seems to have been more than a little dabbling in drugs. By the time Keanu was two, his father was gone. "There were fights about Sam's drug taking," a cousin, Leslie Reeves, told one reporter. "My aunt grew out of the hippie phase. My uncle didn't. He refused. In fact, he couldn't give up the drugs.") Keanu's sister Kim, now 29, counts among her childhood memories Keanu gleefully taking apart furniture with his tool set. A bigger headache for his mother must have been that both children were dyslexic. They later became proficient readers, but it seems possible that dyslexia left some psychic scars, and may have led Keanu to be more visual and physical than verbal. When Keanu was six, his mother married Off Broadway director Paul Aaron. Within six months they divorced, and Patric moved with her children to Toronto, to be closer to her ex-in-laws, who helped support the family. A gifted seamstress, she made stage costumes for entertainers; Emmylou Harris and Dolly Parton were among her clients. She was a rock 'n' roll character, with a peach-dyed buzz cut; when Alice Cooper recorded "Welcome to My Nightmare" at a nearby studio, he stayed with the Reeveses. Like every strong, athletic boy in Canada, Keanu learned to adore ice hockey. As goalie, he was nicknamed "the Wall." His "thirrsst for the theeeater," as he puts it mock-archly, hit him in adolescence. A seed may have been planted by Aaron, who remained a nurturing influence. Soon Keanu was in acting classes, and auditioning for bit parts in U.S. movies shooting in Canada. High school was a problem. Keanu went through four of them, including a Catholic boys' school where he failed every class except Latin. "It was the only class I liked," he says. "My attendance record was very bad. I was lazy. I knew I wanted to act when I was halfway through grade 11, I guess, and school wasn't important." Keanu briefly moved into a girlfriend's basement. He worked at a hockey rink sharpening skates, and manned a tiny restaurant called Pastissima, where he made 100 pounds of pasta a day. He went on auditions, closing the shop to do so, and landed a starring role in his first professional stage play, a curious production with homoerotic overtones called Wolfboy, in which he was cast as a young innocent placed in a psychiatric hospital, only to be set upon by a deranged boy who believes he's a werewolf. "I didn't want professional actors," recalls director John Palmer. "So I advertised in the personals. I got totally fucked-up hustlers" -- and Keanu, who arrived in torn jeans but looked great. For the play's largely gay audience, Palmer persuaded Keanu to appear in a workout scene doing push-ups in white shorts. "You get this innocent kid, one of the most gorgeous kids anyone's seen, in white shorts -- and we *oiled* them.... What do you want for 10 bucks?" Every Sunday, Keanu went to a community theater school called Leah Posluns. One of his close friends there was Alan Powell, with whom he starred in a workshop production. "We'd play off each other; the chemistry was dynamic," Powell says. Keanu, he adds, "was the friend I'd never had as a child. But he was a secretive guy about his life. You could be hanging with the guy for three years; suddenly he'd introduce you to someone who turned out to be a friend of his all that time. You could never get close to the guy." His first big break came through a Leah Posluns connection to Hollywood movie director Steven Stern. Keanu auditioned for a bit part in a TV movie. "There was something about him I liked as a person," recalls Stern, a fellow Torontonian. "Funny, yet a serious side. I told him to take the script home and read it for the lead." When Stern told the Disney executive in charge of TV movies that he wanted to cast an unknown as his lead, the executive was incredulous. Adamant, Stern paid Keanu's way to L.A. for a screen test, and persuaded Disney executives Michael Eisner and Jeffrey Katzenberg to view it. "O.K.," Katzenberg told Stern, "but if we don't like him after a few days, we'll replace him." They liked him. Keanu made his move to L.A., arriving, in 1986, in a decrepit 1969 Volvo with $3,000. His former stepfather put him up for a while, and steered him to Erwin Stoff, who was then getting started as a manager. Stoff, in turn, found Keanu an agent in Hildy Gottlieb Hill, then head of talent at ICM. "In 20 minutes I was crazy about him," Hill recalls of Keanu's first visit. "He was very fresh." When he left, Hill told a colleague, "I've just signed a new client, and I don't even know if he can act." In eight months, Keanu won his first major role in a feature: as the conscience-bound teenager in River's Edge who bucks peer pressure to report a girl's murder. He did his teen films and earned minor roles in major productions (Dangerous Liaisons, Parenthood). Then, after seven auditions, he landed Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. "Clown work," he calls it now, but with professional pride. Keanu seemed not just to distrust his growing fame but to mock it. Hildy Gottlieb Hill recalls him showing up at the ICM office in a kilt. He rode his Nortons fast, sometimes at night, occasionally with the headlight off, and had spills -- one in Topanga Canyon that ruptured his spleen and left a long abdominal scar. In the few interviews he gave, he seemed scornful or bored; once, he entertained a roomful of journalists by spitting on the floor. It was a phase. His private life remained pretty much that. His longest relationship with a woman, he says, has been around two years; his latest was with a woman named Autumn. "I'm sort of Han Solo," he says. River Phoenix, another product of a 60s counterculture family, became a good friend. The two are said to have done their share of drugs during the filming of My Own Private Idaho, the better to play the movie's street kids, but Keanu says flatly that he's never had cause for concern about himself and either drugs or drink. He spent a lot of time at an L.A. hospital, where his sister Kim lay sick with cancer. "He helped me through," Kim explains. "When the pain got bad, he used to hold my hand and keep the bad man from making me dance. He was there all the time, even when he was away." Twenty months ago, after more than eight years of fighting her illness, Kim went into remission. She has a stable of show horses now, paid for by her brother. Last summer Keanu's father, long estranged from the family, was arrested in Hawaii with a large shipment of heroin and cocaine. He was tried, found guilty of promoting a dangerous drug in the second degree, and sentenced to 10 years. "How did you react to all that stuff?" I ask. "What stuff?" At moments like this, Keanu stops moving around. The light in his eyes goes out. He doesn't bristle, but he gets quiet, fast. "The trial last year," I sputter. "The sentencing." "I don't know about it." "You didn't want to find out?" "Why would I want to find out what I didn't know?" "You didn't know he was arrested and sentenced to 10 years?" "Uh-uh," Keanu says without any affect, his almond eyes blank. "Pretty incredible." Over a beer at the nearby City Billiards Bar & Cafe, Keanu turns cheerful again. His presence sends ripples through the after-work crowd, and soon an autograph seeker moves in, followed by another. He takes the intrusions with good humor, even bantering as he signs the proffered scraps. Robert Kamen says that during the shooting of A Walk in the Clouds Keanu was stopped like this all the time. "How do you do it?" Kamen asked at last. Keanu shrugged and said, "I'm Mickey [Mouse]. They don't know who's inside the suit." Kamen remembers telling Reeves, "But you're a movie star." Keanu laughed, "So's Mickey." I've been curious to ask Keanu what he took away from Little Buddha, the Bertolucci film of 1994 shot in Nepal and Bhutan, for which Keanu not only fasted to look the part of Prince Siddhartha but also studied Buddhist texts and met with monks. A lot of what he learned, it turns out, has stayed with him. "One of the great things was learning about meditation. What is spoken of a lot is the notion of no self, no 'I.' What is ego, what is mind, nature of mind ... and what is desire?" Answering earnestness with earnestness, I wonder aloud if there isn't in Keanu some central struggle between discipline and nihilism - devotion to acting versus motorcycles, Buddhism versus sex, drink, rock 'n' roll. A dynamic. Keanu looks at me with bemusement. "I get one dynamic?" he says. "Can I have more than one? I want at least nine!" Back in the hotel room, we order a bottle of wine and Keanu slips a CD into his small portable "ghetto." His traveling collection includes Miles Davis, Coltrane, Sonic Youth, Hole, Gorecki's Third Symphony, Jesus and Mary Chain. He says he's planning, somehow, amid all the films, to go on tour with Dogstar. A month and a half, 40 gigs. "We're getting pretty good," he says. "It's folky, but not Joan Baez folky." The group, he thinks, is almost ready to record an album. "But we have to write better songs." Even with no album out, the band drew sellout crowds on its first club gigs. "He doesn't understand the fuss," says Ken Funk, who started managing the group three years ago strictly out of friendship for Keanu. (He was actually a hockey buddy.) "We were having dinner at a restaurant one night and the hostess, who was gorgeous, kept looking at him adoringly. I said to Keanu, 'I wish I could be you for five minutes, just go up and talk to that girl the way you could.' 'I couldn't do that,' he said. And he was serious. He said to me once, 'I'm from the earth, too.' I'm still figuring that one out." Mysterious as he may be, even to his closest friends, Keanu is, on another level, as simple as he says: a happy man, doing what he wants to do, only what he wants to do, and getting paid to do it. <N> Good gravy. The portrait hanging in Keanu Reevess attic must be hideous altogether. At 50, the actor is back on action-hero duty for John Wick. He still has the moves. He still has the growl. And, under some western white-hat fuzz, he still has the looks of a 30-year-old. Were not alone in thinking so. An entire cult has sprung up online, inspired by the idea that Keanu is no mere mortal. On keanuisimmortal.com youll find plenty of evidence that the actor is a time-traveller, whose most recent incarnation was an actor named Paul Mounet who died in 1922. Another confirmed Keanu identity, according to the site, is Charlemagne, the father of Europe who died in 814. There is, to be fair, a striking resemblance between the two thespians, Reeves and Mounet. At a squint one might note a passing similarity between The Matrix star and popular images of the first Holy Roman emperor. Still, more rational inquiring minds need to know . . . Whats his secret? Elephant foetus grindings? Sleeping in an oxygen tent? I dont have an oxygen tent yet, says Reeves. But I may have to get one. It sounds good. I was reading recently about a study with mice whose life was prolonged by getting constant blood transfusions. So its mouse blood? No. Im pretty sure it cant be interspecies blood. It would have to come from another human. So hes a vampire? Maybe. But I think the boring answer is that I got lucky with genes. The answer isnt all that boring. Immortal or not, Keanu represents an exotic elixir of DNA. Born in Beirut and raised mostly in Canada, Reevess mother is an English showgirl turned costume designer. (Today, in London on promotional duties, he rather endearingly peppers his speech with Blighty-isms.) His father is Hawaiian-American, with Native Hawaiian, Chinese, and Portuguese ancestry. Sad Keanu His dad, who separated from his mother when Keanu was three, and who subsequently served time for smuggling heroin, has become a central plank in a second strand of Keanu-related lore. In 2010, a paparazzi shot of Reeves sitting on a park bench, staring forlornly at a partially eaten sandwich, inspired a flurry of internet activity under the Sad Keanu umbrella. First it was a meme. Look, its Keanu beside Forrest Gump. Here he is with Predator. This is what he looks like with Jesus Photoshopped in. Then it was a date: the first annual Cheer Up Keanu day happened on June 15th, 2010, when fans bombarded the actor with billets-doux and donations to cancer charities: hes known to support quite a few. Unlike rival memes and vines  Chuck Norris facts, Lesbians Who Look Like Justin Bieber  Sad Keanu was characterised by a genuine fondness. And quite rightly: this is an actor who gave away some $80 million of his $110 million salary for The Matrix sequence to people working in make-up and special effects on those films. For a decade he was his sister Kims primary caregiver as she battled leukaemia. Im always busy In person hes fantastically unassuming. Im always busy, he tells me. But sometimes behind the scenes. I directed a martial arts movie, The Man of Tai Chi. And I made a documentary, Side by Side. Did you see it? He asks the question with the same tone Id expect from a student film-maker who posted out spec copies of their short film. For many folks, of course, it matters if Keanu looks down in the dumps. I dont know, he says. Its nice . . . I guess. But Im just not engaged with any of that stuff. You mean the internet? Yeah. I did a Reddit thing once. But thats as much involvement as Ive had. Its just not something Im interested in. I dont know anything about it. Thats probably just as well. Sad Keanu would also prove irresistible for armchair psychologists everywhere, thereby ensuring his biography has been re-hashed this way and that. The actor has had more than his fair share of tragedy. In January 2000, Reeves and his then girlfriend, Jennifer Syme, buried their child, a girl named Ava, who had been stillborn at eight months. In April 2001 Syme was killed instantly when she lost control of her Jeep. Internet theorists would contend that sorrow stalks Reeves: that he lost his best friend River Phoenix when the pair were barely out of their teens, that as a child he was moved around from city to city, all the while struggling with dyslexia and academic underachievement. Thats not entirely accurate, he says. We didnt move around that much, says Reeves. And I wasnt the best student but I dont remember having trouble fitting in. I kind of blended in. Parade of stepfathers Much also has been made of Reevess parade of stepfathers, a line-up that includes film and theatre director Paul Aaron, rock promoter Robert Miller and hair salon owner Jack Bond. In fact, the parade allowed him to feel normal as he entered the business of show: Acting was a natural thing for me to do, he says. My mother was involved in the business. Other people around me were involved and had contacts. It didnt seem like a strange choice. Nor does John Wick, a film that seems to hail from the same nexus of science fiction and fantasy that has given Reeves his biggest box-office hits to date. What is about Reeves and other worlds? It doesnt seem to matter if hes working to scale in the indie sector (Thumbsucker) or taking the studio shilling, he seems happiest working with immersive material, even when it doesnt necessarily translate into box office gold (see Johnny Mnemonic, 47 Ronin et al.) I know exactly what you mean even if I cant quite quantify it, he says. Its true that all movies draw you into a world. But I do like it when theres something mythological about that world. It doesnt matter if thats a love story like The Lake House or The Matrix. The puppy gets it In this spirit, John Wick sees Reeves play a legendary and retired assassin drawn back into the underworld when a gang of Russian mobsters kill his puppy. No, really. The puppy gets it. A beagle called Daisy. Acting opposite the most puppy-eyed actor of the age. Oh, the humanity. And the caninity. It wasnt an easy partnership at first, says Reeves. The puppy is so much younger than I am. Is he a dog person? I do like a hound. Post puppycide, shoot-em-up is perhaps too nuanced a phrase for the relentless and merciless action that follows. He must be pretty handy with a weapon by now? I did a lot of training for this movie, he says. I did a lot of groundwork because the directors wanted to do long takes. So I couldnt just fake all of it. But they know everything about every genre and action. So they were able to point me toward great people. Away from the muscle, cars and gun-play of John Wick, Reeves speaks passionately about Lars von Trier and Bernardo Bertolucci. Yet at the height of his Whoa, dude!, Bill-and-Ted period, he famously described himself as meathead. Can the actor who the late Roger Ebert described as the best Hamlet he ever saw, really be a lunk? I really dont remember the context, he says, laughing. You can say something or mean something. But it might not get written that way. You never know what youre going to get. He really is better off without the internet. John Wick is out now on general release <N> Keanu's battle for Kim Keanu Reeves has lovingly supported his younger sister through the most traumatic period of her life. Now he's taken her on a holiday to Tahiti As film star Keanu Reeves flies into Tahiti with a slim, dark-haired woman by his side, there's no mistaking the look in his eyes as he gazes happily at her. It is obvious that he loves her. She is the woman who receives flowers and special messages from him at least once a week; the one he suns with on tropical beaches; the one he took as his date to the Oscars five years ago, introducing her as "the very special woman in my life". Yet Keanu's affection for this beauty has a nobility and virtue beyond the tacky world of Hollywood. She is his younger sister, she has faced death, and he will do anything for her. Keanu, 34, has lovingly supported Kim, 32, since she was diagnosed with lymphatic cancer more than 10 years ago. "I love Kim," Keanu says. "She's so brave, and I want the very best for her. You can star in hit movies, but that's nothing compared to going through what Kim's been through." The siblings have always been very close. When Keanu was a baby, their constantly travelling parents, Patricia and Samuel, moved from his birthplace of Beirut, Lebanon, to spend a year in the Sydney suburb of Dover Heights. Kim was born in Australia, at Sydney's Royal Women's Hospital, Paddington. The toddlers were thrown together by adversity when their parents split soon after. Patricia moved her young family to New York and then Toronto, Canada, They weathered her three remarriages, and the birth of their half-sister, Karina, in 1976. Kim has bittersweet memories of their childhood. "We never had anyone to play with us, to watch me riding horses or Keanu playing hockey," she recalls. "But what we always had was each other." A friend remembers that the two were always inseparable. "He was very much the elder brother and felt very strongly about her." Keanu cheered Kim on through her early career as a model, and she took him in when he was finding his feet in Hollywood. But it was when Kim's illness was at its worst that his true supporting nature shone through. "Keanu helped me so much through my illness," Kim says. "When the pain got really bad, he would sit with me and hold my hand, and keep the 'bad man' from making me dance. He was supporting me and comforting me all the time, even when he was away." The pair recently took time out from Keanu's Hollywood commitments for a holiday together in tropical Tahiti. Now, after eight years of battling the disease that took her to the brink of death, Kim is in remission and can revel in the balmy sunshine. In Tahiti, Keanu carried Kim's bags, opened doors for her and guided her to the water's edge for a ferry boat ride. Keanu's support of his little sister has always been loyal and unswerving. He rarely speaks about Kim's health - those close to him say it's for fear of breaking down in tears. Keanu was expected to return to Australia for the April 7 premiere of Matrix, the science fiction thriller he filmed here last year. During the shoot, he also toured with his rock band, Dogstar, and went out of his way to sign autographs for a group of children suffering from leukaemia. Explaining his action to friends, the star simply said, "Someone in my family has cancer." <N> There's sad Keanu, there's happy Keanu and now, gentleman Keanu? The top post on Reddit this Friday is a video of Keanu Reeves kindly giving up his seat to a woman on the Q train last summer, proving himself to be an upstanding citizen. It's an interesting case study in celebrity-on-the-subway sociology. How do New Yorkers react to such a famous person joining the daily commute? They don't. For the most part, the straphangers don't seem to pay attention to the Matrix star. Do they not recognize him? Are they just trying to play it cool? One Redditor has a theory: "They are probably all busy recording him in secret. Just look at how he keeps glancing around. He seems a little uneasy. Either that or he's just watching out for Smith." Yes, probably. [VIA] <N> 8-K ENERGY TRANSFER, LP filed this Form 8-K on 02/17/2015 Entire Document << Previous Page | Next Page >> ETP 2.17.15 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 February 10, 2015 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) ENERGY TRANSFER PARTNERS, L.P. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 1-11727 (Commission File Number) 73-1493906 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 3738 Oak Lawn Avenue Dallas, TX 75219 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (214) 981-0700 (Registrants telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On February 10, 2015, Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (ETP) entered into a Commitment Increase Agreement (the Commitment Increase Agreement) with the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent) pursuant to which the lenders thereto severally agreed to provide $1.25 billion in aggregate incremental commitments under ETP's existing revolving credit facility provided pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2011 (as amended, supplemented and modified, the Credit Agreement), by and among ETP, the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto and the Administrative Agent. After giving effect to the Commitment Increase Agreement, the Credit Agreement permits ETP to borrow up to $3.75 billion on a revolving credit basis. The disclosure contained in this Item 1.01 does not purport to be a complete description of the Credit Increase Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Commitment Increase Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description of the Exhibit 10.1 Commitment Increase Agreement by and among Energy Transfer Partners, L.P., the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders dated as of February 10, 2015 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. By: Energy Transfer Partners GP, L.P. its general partner By: Energy Transfer Partners, L.L.C. its general partner Date: February 17, 2015 By: /s/ Thomas P. Mason Thomas P. Mason Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description of the Exhibit 10.1 Commitment Increase Agreement by and among Energy Transfer Partners, L.P., the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent for the lenders dated as of February 10, 2015 ETP 10.1 Commitment Agreement COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT This COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) is made as of February 10, 2015 by and among ENERGY TRANSFER PARTNERS, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the  Borrower ), WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Administrative Agent (the  Administrative Agent ), and the Lenders listed on the attached Exhibit A (each a  Supplemental Lender , and together the  Supplemental Lenders ). 1. The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and certain Lenders, as defined therein, are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 27, 2011 (as amended or supplemented to the date hereof, the  Credit Agreement ). All terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same meaning given to them in the Credit Agreement. 2. Pursuant to Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower has the option, without the consent of the Lenders, from time to time to cause one or more increases in the Aggregate Commitments by adding, subject to the prior approval of the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), to the Credit Agreement one or more financial institutions as Lenders (collectively, the  New Lenders ) or by allowing one or more Lenders to increase their respective Commitments; provided however that (a) prior to and after giving effect to the increase, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred thereunder and be continuing, (b) no such increase shall cause the Aggregate Commitments to exceed $3,750,000,000, (c) no Lenders Commitment shall be increased without such Lenders consent, and (d) such increase shall be evidenced by a commitment increase agreement in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, New Lenders, if any, and Lenders increasing their Commitments, if any. 3. In consideration of the foregoing, upon the Increase Effective Date defined below, each Supplemental Lender shall have the Commitment listed next to its name on the attached Exhibit A , which, in the case of any existing Lender, shall replace the prior Commitment of such Lender in effect immediately prior to this Agreement, as listed next to its name on the attached Exhibit A , and any Supplemental Lender that is a New Lender hereby assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Lenders are a party and agrees to perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations that by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. This Agreement shall not affect the Commitments of Lenders who are not Supplemental Lenders. 4. Each Supplemental Lender represents and warrants that (a) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and, if it is a New Lender, to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement to the extent of its Commitment set forth on Exhibit A hereto, and (b) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, the most recent financial statement of the Borrower made available pursuant to Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement and such other documents and information as it has determined appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter 1 into this Agreement, and that it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, LC Issuer or any other Lender. 5. The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that (a) the representations and warranties of the Borrower contained in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty is qualified by materiality) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, both prior to and after giving effect to this Agreement and to any Credit Extension required by Section 6 hereof, and for such purpose all references in such representations and warranties to Loan Documents shall include this Agreement, provided , however , for purposes of this Section 5 (i) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they are true and correct as of such earlier date, and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.06(a) of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished pursuant to Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement and (b) as of the Increase Effective Date, both prior to and after giving effect to this Agreement and to any Credit Extension required by Section 6 hereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 6. Upon the Increase Effective Date defined below, (a) Schedule 1 to the Credit Agreement is hereby replaced in its entirety to read as set forth in Schedule 1 attached hereto, and (b) the Borrower shall borrow additional Loans and/or prepay any Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 of the Credit Agreement) to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with the revised Applicable Percentages set forth in Schedule 1 attached hereto. 7. If requested by a Supplemental Lender at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Borrower agrees to execute and deliver to such Supplemental Lender on the Increase Effective Date a new or replacement Note in the form provided for in the Credit Agreement to evidence the new or increased Commitment of such Supplemental Lender. 8. This Agreement shall be effective (the  Increase Effective Date ) when (a) this Agreement shall have been executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Supplemental Lender, (b) the Borrower shall have paid to Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the Lead Arranger, for the account of each Supplemental Lender, upfront fees equal to 0.175% of the amount of the Commitment of such Supplemental Lender that is a New Lender and the amount of the increase in the Commitment of such Supplemental Lender that is an existing Lender, in each case as set forth on Exhibit A hereto, and (c) the Administrative Agent shall have confirmed that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.17(b) of the Credit Agreement shall have been satisfied. 9. The Credit Agreement, as hereby amended, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. The Loan Documents, as they may be amended or affected by this Agreement, are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Any reference to the Credit Agreement in any Loan Document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Credit Agreement as hereby amended. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement, the Notes, or any other Loan Document nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement, the 2 Notes or any other Loan Document. This Agreement is a Loan Document, and all provisions in the Credit Agreement pertaining to Loan Documents apply hereto. 10. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 11. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement constitutes the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or in electronic (i.e., pdf or tif) format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. [ Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature pages follow .] 3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, and each Supplemental Lender have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. ENERGY TRANSFER PARTNERS, L.P. By: Energy Transfer Partners GP, L.P., its general partner By: Energy Transfer Partners, L.L.C., its general partner By:__ /s/ Thomas P. Mason________ Thomas P. Mason Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as the Administrative Agent, an LC Issuer, Swingline Lender and a Lender By:__ /s/ Larry Robinson ________ Larry Robinson Managing Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Adam H. Fey ________ Adam H. Fey Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] THE ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Brill Smith ________ Brill Smith Authorised Signatory [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Stephanie Balett ________ Stephanie Balett Authorized Officer [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Marguerite Sutton ________ Marguerite Sutton Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] COMPASS BANK, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Blake Kirshman ________ Blake Kirshman Senior Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Nupur Kumar ________ Nupur Kumar Authorized Signatory By: __ /s/ Samuel Miller ________ Samuel Miller Authorized Signatory [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] DNB CAPITAL LLC, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Robert Dupree ________ Robert Dupree Senior Vice President By: __ /s/ Joe Hyde _____ ____ Joe Hyde Senior Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Kristan Spivey ________ Kristan Spivey Authorized Signatory [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] SUNTRUST BANK, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Carmen Malizia ________ Carmen Malizia Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Patrick Jeffrey ________ Patrick Jeffrey Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Darlene Arias ________ Darlene Arias Director By: __ /s/ Houssem Daly ________ Houssem Daly Associate Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] BNP PARIBAS, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Joseph Onischuk ________ Joseph Onischuk Managing Director By: __ /s/ Joanna Lau ________ Joanna Lau Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Dixon Schultz ________ Dixon Schultz Managing Director By: __ /s/ Michael Willis ________ Michael Willis Managing Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Brian B. Myers ________ Brian B. Myers Senior Vice President Corporate Banking [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] INTESA SANPAOLO S.P.A. NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Glen Binder ________ Glen Binder Vice President By: __ /s/ Francesco DiMario ________ Francesco DiMario First Vice President & Head of Credit [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] MIZUHO BANK, LTD., as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Leon Mo ________ Leon Mo Authorized Signatory [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD., as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Sherwin Brandford ________ Sherwin Brandford Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Dusan Lazarov ________ Dusan Lazarov Director By: __ /s/ Kirk L. Tashjian________ Kirk L. Tashjian Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ M. Colin Warman ________ M. Colin Warman Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ James D. Weinstein ________ James D. Weinstein Managing Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] CITIBANK, N.A., as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Peter Kardos ________ Peter Kardos Vice President [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A., as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Michael King ________ Michael King Authorized Signatory [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] ING CAPITAL LLC, as a Supplemental Lender By: __ /s/ Cheryl LaBelle ________ Cheryl LaBelle Managing Director By: __ /s/ Subha Pasumarti ________ Subha Pasumarti Managing Director [SIGNATURE PAGE TO COMMITMENT INCREASE AGREEMENT] EXHIBIT A Supplemental Lender Prior Commitment Amount of Commitment Increase New Commitment Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $175,000,000 $10,000,000 $185,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. $175,000,000 $10,000,000 $185,000,000 The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC $175,000,000 $10,000,000 $185,000,000 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 Barclays Bank PLC $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 Compass Bank $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 DNB Capital LLC $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 Royal Bank of Canada $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 SunTrust Bank $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 U.S. Bank National Association $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 UBS AG, Stamford Branch $167,500,000 $7,500,000 $175,000,000 BNP Paribas $0 $159,000,000 $159,000,000 Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank $0 $159,000,000 $159,000,000 HSBC Bank USA, National Association $0 $159,000,000 $159,000,000 Intesa SanPaolo S.P.A. New York Branch $0 $159,000,000 $159,000,000 Mizuho Bank, Ltd. $0 $159,000,000 $159,000,000 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. $110,000,000 $7,500,000 $117,500,000 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch $0 $110,000,000 $110,000,000 PNC Bank, National Association $50,000,000 $50,000,000 $100,000,000 Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation $0 $100,000,000 $100,000,000 Citibank, N.A. $83,750,000 $7,500,000 $91,250,000 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. $83,750,000 $7,500,000 $91,250,000 ING Capital LLC $0 $75,000,000 $75,000,000 TOTAL: $1,250,000,000 Exhibit A SCHEDULE 1 COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES Lender Commitment Applicable Percentage Wells Fargo Bank, National Association $185,000,000 4.933333333% Bank of America, N.A. $185,000,000 4.933333333% The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC $185,000,000 4.933333333% JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. $175,000,000 4.666666667% Barclays Bank PLC $175,000,000 4.666666667% Compass Bank $175,000,000 4.666666667% Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch $175,000,000 4.666666667% DNB Capital LLC $175,000,000 4.666666667% Royal Bank of Canada $175,000,000 4.666666667% SunTrust Bank $175,000,000 4.666666667% U.S. Bank National Association $175,000,000 4.666666667% UBS AG, Stamford Branch $175,000,000 4.666666667% BNP Paribas $159,000,000 4.240000000% Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank $159,000,000 4.240000000% HSBC Bank USA, National Association $159,000,000 4.240000000% Intesa SanPaolo S.P.A. New York Branch $159,000,000 4.240000000% Mizuho Bank, Ltd. $159,000,000 4.240000000% The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. $117,500,000 3.133333333% Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch $110,000,000 2.933333333% Goldman Sachs Bank USA $110,000,000 2.933333333% PNC Bank, National Association $100,000,000 2.666666667% Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation $100,000,000 2.666666667% Citibank, N.A. $91,250,000 2.433333333% Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. $91,250,000 2.433333333% ING Capital LLC $75,000,000 2.000000000% Community Trust Bank $30,000,000 0.800000000% TOTAL: $3,750,000,000 100.000000000% Schedule 1 << Previous Page | Next Page >> <N> Just days after setting an ultimatum for demonstrators encamped at the site of the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, the Army Corps of Engineers walked back their 5 December 2016 deadline to move the camp from its current location. On 26 November 2016, the day after the Thanksgiving holiday, the Army Corps announced that hundreds of protesters, who have been at the campsite in Cannon Ball, North Dakota, would have to vacate the camp or face arrest (the protest site is on land managed by the Army Corps). Demonstrators would be moved to a free speech zone just south of the current site. The tribes chairman, Dave Archambault II, said in a statement the tribe would stand its ground, and further pressed U.S. President Barack Obama to stop the pipeline: Our Tribe is deeply disappointed in this decision by the United States, but our resolve to protect our water is stronger than ever. We ask that all everyone who can appeal to President Obama and the Army Corps of Engineers to consider the future of our people and rescind all permits and deny the easement to cross the Missouri River just north of our Reservation and straight through our treaty lands. On 27 November 2016, the Corps seemed to reverse course, and announced in a statement to media that there are no plans for forcible removal of protesters (or water protectors, as they have identified themselves). The Corps is instead seeking a peaceful and orderly transition to a safer location. Meanwhile, as many as 2,000 U.S. military veterans announced they are mobilizing in an effort to protect the camp at its current location. Michael A. Wood, Jr., a Marine Corps veteran and former Baltimore police officer, said the event drew so much interest that organizers were forced to cap the number of participants at 2,200. The group has as of 28 November 2016 raised more than half a million dollars form supporters. The veterans plan to wear their military uniforms, with the intention of drawing media attention. Wood told us: This is literally what we swore to do  to protect the citizens of America from enemies both foreign and domestic. Just because someone pretties it up with a badge and uniform doesnt mean it isnt violence against our people. The group had planned the event, Veterans for Standing Rock, for December 4 through December 7 in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux. The Standing Rock Sioux have stood in opposition to the pipeline, launching their demonstration in April of 2016. They have attracted increasing attention as the loggerheads between the tribe and Energy Transfer Partners, the builder of the $3.8 billion project, have continued. The Sioux claim the pipeline threatens to destroy sacred sites and the safety of their water supply. However, Energy Transfer Partners refuses to reroute the project, with CEO Kelcy Warren saying, Theres not another way. Were building at that location. On 20 November 2016, Sophia Wilansky, a 21-year-old activist from New York, was badly injured by what witnesses say was a concussion grenade. In a statement made through her father, Wayne Wilansky, she said a police officer tossed the grenade at her, which exploded on contact with her forearm and blew away most of her lower limb. Police have said they used no such device and denied causing Wilanskys injury. Surgeons are currently working to save her arm. <N> By Claire Bernish In what could only be termed a potential gross violation of human rights, the Morton County Sheriffs Department announced today it plans to block all supplies from entering Standing Rock camps  including deliveries of food. Reuters reports: Supplies, including food and building materials, will be blocked from entering the main camp following Governor Jack Dalrymples signing of an emergency evacuation order on Monday, said Maxine Herr, a spokeswoman from the Morton County Sheriffs Department. Herr flatly stated, according to Reuters, They have deliveries, retailers that are delivering to them  we will turn around any of those services. Although the governors order went into effect immediately, North Dakota Department of Emergency Services spokeswoman Cecily Fong noted no deliveries to the camps had yet been turned away as of Tuesday morning. However, The building materials intended for the site are a top priority because the camp is not zoned for permanent structures, Reuters reported she said. Propane tanks also will be blocked because they have been used in attacks against law enforcement. The latter claim has been proven false by eyewitness video from the night of November 20-21, when law enforcement assaulted peaceful water protectors for over six hours in a non-stop barrage of rubber bullets, tear gas, impact and concussion grenades, and even weaponized water  in temperatures dropping into the low 20s Fahrenheit. Sophia Wilanskys arm was nearly ripped from her body when an impact grenade exploded. But the sheriff denies police used any weapon that could have caused such damage, despite evidence collected from the scene and by surgeons working to repair her traumatic wound. Shortly after issuing the notice it would block supplies, the Morton County Sheriffs Department backed away somewhat, saying it would take a passive role to try to prevent supplies from reaching the camps, by issuing hefty $1,000 fines for vehicles attempting such deliveries  saying it had interpreted the evacuation order as a reason for a blockade. That is the understanding that we had initially but we had to get that clarified, Herr told Reuters. The governor is more interested in public safety than setting up a road block and turning people away. This startling announcement of any attempt at a supply blockage from the Morton County Sheriffs Department comes during a week of shocking news for Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and their allies camped near the Missouri River to block construction of the highly contentious Dakota Access Pipeline. An eviction notice letter sent by the Army Corps of Engineers to Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II and Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe Chairman Harold Frazier on Friday sparked furious outrage from around the world  and was met with firm resistance from both tribes. Clarifying later that no force would be used to effect this eviction, the Army Corps stated, Those who remain will be considered unauthorized and may be subject to citation under federal, state, or local laws. Before the shock wore off from that letter, on Monday, North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple confounded matters further with the issuance of an emergency evacuation order for the same Army Corps-managed, water protector-occupied land as a winter storm advanced on the area. Although neither U.S. government-issued order would apply had treaties from the 1800s been honored, the attorneys scrambled to determine if the governors evacuation supplanted the Army Corps eviction  as the date for the camps to become officially illegal would be moved forward significantly from December 5. Archambault denounced Dalrymples order as an intimidation tactic and determined it invalid. However, the Morton County Sheriffs Department appears to have opportuned the current evacuation order to escalate its curtailment of the basic human rights of the thousands of water protectors estimated to now occupy camps north of the Cannonball River. Legally and technically speaking, both orders effectively close the camps  except for Sacred Stone Camp, located south of the river  to access by both the public and emergency services. Thousands of veterans have been planning to arrive at the camps on December 4 to defend water protectors from brutal police tactics employed by the multi-state coalition of police led by the Morton County Sheriffs Department  and they havent yet changed those plans. Is Amazon About to Shock Bitcoin Investors? According to an update from Reuters, Governor Dalrymples spokesman Jeff Zent said, There is not going to be any blockade of supplies. While so much about these breaking developments remains unclear thanks to a lack of information from authorities and officials, one thing is certain. Blocking food and supplies, by any means, from reaching water protectors who have vowed to stay through the winter is not only a violation of human rights and basic decency  if effective, it has the potential to be an horrific tragedy in the making. Claire Bernish writes for TheFreeThoughtProject.com, where this article first appeared. Image Credit: Unicorn Riot/Facebook <N> CANNON BALL, N.D.  - North Dakota officials on Tuesday moved to block supplies from reaching oil pipeline protesters at a camp near the construction site, threatening to use hefty fines to keep demonstrators from receiving food, building materials and even portable bathrooms. Activists have spent months protesting plans to route the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline beneath a lake near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation, saying the project poses a threat to water resources and sacred Native American sites. State officials said on Tuesday they would fine anyone bringing prohibited items into the main protest camp following Governor Jack Dalrymples emergency evacuation order on Monday. Earlier, officials had warned of a physical blockade, but the governors office backed away from that. Law enforcement would take a more passive role than enforcing a blockade, said Maxine Herr, a spokeswoman for the Morton County Sheriffs Department. The governor is more interested in public safety than setting up a road block and turning people away, Herr said by telephone. Officers will stop vehicles they believe are headed to the camp and inform drivers they are committing an infraction and could be fined $1,000. These penalties should serve as a hindrance, according to Cecily Fong, a spokeswoman for the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services. So that effectively is going to block that stuff (supplies), but there is not going to be a hard road block, Fong said by telephone. A spokeswoman from the Standing Rock Sioux tribe was not immediately available for comment. North Dakota Governor-elect Doug Burgum, a Republican, declined to comment. The 1,172-mile (1,885 km) pipeline project, owned by Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners LP, is mostly complete except for a segment planned to run under Lake Oahe, a reservoir formed by a dam on the Missouri River. Thousands of people are protesting at camps located on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers land, north of the Cannonball River in Cannon Ball, North Dakota. The main protest camp near Cannon Ball is called Oceti Sakowin, the original name of the Sioux, meaning Seven Council Fires. The Oceti Sakowin camp is seen in a snow storm during a protest against plans to pass the Dakota Access pipeline near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, near Cannon Ball, North Dakota, U.S. November 29, 2016. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith Protest leaders said state officials and local law enforcement officers were bullying demonstrators with the threat of fines. Its bogus and I dont know about the legality of it, said Kandi Mossett, an organizer with Indigenous Environmental Network. Were not afraid. Were moving in and out of the camp at will. So people shouldnt be afraid of coming and supporting the water protectors. Theyve been bullying us since day one. HARSH WINTER CONDITIONS Dalrymples evacuation order was issued on Monday due to the harsh winter conditions. Snow and wind gusts up to 45 mph (73 kph) were forecast for Tuesday, according to the National Weather Service. Despite the sub-freezing temperatures, law enforcement on Nov. 21 used water cannons to disperse protesters who had blockaded a highway. Demonstrators and law enforcement have clashed over the months since protests began, with demonstrators claiming excessive use of force by law enforcement. On Tuesday, the National Lawyers Guild filed a class action in U.S. District Court in North Dakota on behalf of injured protesters, claiming local authorities in Morton and Stutsman counties used excessive force. The civil rights complaint said there were no orders to disperse or warnings issued before local police turned water cannons and tear gas on the protest. The lawsuit seeks compensatory damages. Stutsman County Auditor Casey Bradley said the county sheriffs office was unaware of the lawsuit and unable to comment on the allegations. Officers were justified in using water cannons because of the threat posed by demonstrators, Fong and Herr said. Law enforcement gave numerous warnings for protesters to disperse, they said. North Dakota officials have issued several requests for additional help from federal law enforcement in light of the demonstrators. However, the Army Corps said Monday its order to evacuate the primary protest camp by Dec. 5 would not include forcibly removing people from the land. The Obama administration in September postponed final approval of a Army Corps permit required to allow tunneling beneath the lake, a move intended to give federal officials more time to consult tribal leaders. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a Tuesday news briefing that Obama believes law enforcement has an obligation to show restraint and protesters have a responsibility to protest peacefully. Slideshow (5 Images) In a related protest, prosecutors suspended charges against Deia Schlosberg, a documentary maker arrested while filming as environmental protesters attempted to shut down the flow of oil through pipelines carrying crude from Canada to the United States in October. <N> Memories are short but the economic fundamentals remain the same, he said. Wall Street is breathing down companies necks to cut costs, and the labor savings in Mexico is too great. Mr. Trump first announced he was talking to Carrier on Thanksgiving Day via Twitter, which the company quickly confirmed. The discussions have continued this week, and with a tentative deal in hand on Tuesday, transition officials scheduled Mr. Trumps and Mr. Pences visit to Indianapolis. I didnt think it would be this quick, Mr. Maynard said. While the standoff loomed large in the lives of its employees in Indiana, for United Technologies the forgone savings is tiny  equivalent to about 2 cents per share in earnings. Every penny counts, but if we step back and Im looking at earnings of $6.60 per share this year, 2 cents is an easy concession if the president-elect listens to some of the companys bigger concerns, said Howard Rubel, a senior equity analyst with Jefferies, an investment banking firm in New York. When Carrier announced in February that the two Indiana factories would be closing, it did offer benefits to employees facing layoffs, including paying for them to go back to school and retrain for other careers. Even with that, however, once the layoffs were to begin in mid-2017, most of the workers would have had a hard time finding jobs that paid anywhere near the $20 to $25 an hour that veteran line workers earn. Carrier is best known for its air-conditioners, but it also sells a variety of other heating and cooling equipment for homes and businesses, like the gas furnaces and fan coils for electric furnaces made at the Indianapolis factory. The jobs in Indiana Mr. Trump has referred to are in two separate sites  the Carrier plant in Indianapolis, with 1,400 employees, and a United Technologies factory in Huntington, Ind., with 700. <N> The incoming Trump Administration and United Technologies  have reached an agreement that will keep close to 1,000 jobs at Carrier Corp., which is owned by UTX, in Indiana. Carrier had planned to move production from a key factory in that state to Mexico, taking with it the roughly 1,400 jobs of those who work at the Indiana plant. But shortly after CNBC revealed that Donald Trump was expected to travel to Indiana on Thursday to announce that a deal had been reached, Carrier itself confirmed the agreement. Later still, the President-elect tweeted that it was a "big day on Thursday for Indiana." Under a deal negotiated by Vice President-elect Mike Pence and UTX CEO Greg Hayes, the company will now keep most of those jobs in Indiana, sources close to the matter told CNBC. While terms of the deal are not yet clear, the sources indicated there were new incentives on offer from the state of Indiana, where Pence is governor, that helped clear a path for the agreement. While UTX was seeking the savings that would come from moving some production to Mexico, people familiar with the situation indicated that the savings were not worth incurring the wrath of the incoming administration, including the potential threat to the significant business that UTX currently conducts with the U.S. government, largely in the form of orders for jet engines and other defense-related equipment. Trump had made the expected departure of the Carrier jobs a key theme in his campaign to capture the White House, using it as an example of the type of trade relationship that hurt U.S. workers. On Thanksgiving Day, Trump tweeted that he was making progress on negotiating a deal with UTX. CNBC broke the story of the agreement first on Twitter. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. <N> Carrier  the Indiana manufacturer that announced early this year that it was outsourcing 1,400 jobs to its plant in Monterrey, Mexico  announced on Tuesday that it had made a deal with President-elect Donald Trump to keep "close to 1,000" of those production jobs in Indianapolis. We are pleased to have reached a deal with President-elect Trump & VP-elect Pence to keep close to 1,000 jobs in Indy. More details soon.  Carrier (@Carrier) November 30, 2016 The terms of the deal remain unclear. Even Trump's involvement in the negotiation is unknown. Sources told CNBC that Vice President-elect Mike Pence negotiated with CEO Greg Hayes of United Technologies, Carrier's parent company that's publicly traded under the ticker UTX. While terms of the deal are not yet clear, the sources indicated there were new incentives on offer from the state of Indiana, where Pence is governor, that helped clear a path for the agreement, according to CNBC: While UTX was seeking the savings that would come from moving some production to Mexico, people familiar with the situation indicated that the savings were not worth incurring the wrath of the incoming administration, including the potential threat to the significant business that UTX currently conducts with the U.S. government, largely in the form of orders for jet engines and other defense-related equipment Chuck Jones, president of the United Steelworkers' Local 1999 that represent Carrier's production employees, told The Washington Post that the union had been boxed out of the talks. "Were trying to figure out what the hell is going on," he said. "If I werent so scared of the damage a Trump administration might do, Id find it refreshing to see an administration fighting for factory jobs like this," economist Jared Bernstein told The New York Times. "That said, no one should confuse what Trump is doing here with sustainable economic policy." alternative reality question: If Obama had done this, would he be accused by the GOP of picking winners and losers? _LINKS_  Glenn Kessler (@GlennKesslerWP) Nov. 30, 2016 In keeping its Indianapolis factories, United Technologies would sacrifice only a marginal gain in earnings per share, according to Howard Rubel, a senior equity analyst with investment banking firm Jefferies. "Every penny counts, but if we step back and Im looking at earnings of $6.60 per share this year, 2 cents is an easy concession if the president-elect listens to some of the companys bigger concerns," Rubel told The Times. Trump and Pence will travel to Indianapolis on Thursday to announce further details of the deal. <N> I dont want any babies for a while, she said. More young women are making that choice. In 2009, half of all first births to women in the poorest areas of the state happened before they turned 21. By 2014, half of first births did not occur until the women had turned 24, a difference that advocates say gives young women time to finish their educations and to gain a foothold in an increasingly competitive job market. If we want to reduce poverty, one of the simplest, fastest and cheapest things we could do would be to make sure that as few people as possible become parents before they actually want to, said Isabel Sawhill, an economist at the Brookings Institution. She argues in her 2014 book, Generation Unbound: Drifting Into Sex and Parenthood Without Marriage, that single parenthood is a principal driver of inequality and long-acting birth control is a powerful tool to prevent it. Teenage births have been declining nationally, but experts say the timing and magnitude of the reductions in Colorado are a strong indication that the states program was a major driver. About one-fifth of women ages 18 to 44 in Colorado now use a long-acting method, a substantial increase driven largely by teenagers and poor women. Image An intrauterine device, which prevents pregnancy for several years, at a clinic in Walsenburg, Colo. A state program that provides long-acting birth control has contributed to a sharp decline in birth and abortion rates among teenagers. Credit Benjamin Rasmussen for The New York Times The surge in Colorado has far outpaced the growing use of such methods nationwide. About 7 percent of American women ages 15 to 44 used long-acting birth control from 2011 to 2013, the most recent period studied, up from 1.5 percent in 2002. The figures include all women, even those who were pregnant or sterilized. The share of long-acting contraception users among just women using birth control is likely to be higher. <N> The proportion of privately insured U.S. women who paid zero dollars out of pocket for oral contraceptive pills increased sharply, from 15% to 67%, between the fall of 2012 (before the ACAs contraceptive coverage requirement took effect for most women) and the spring of 2014, according to a new Guttmacher study published in the journal Contraception. The study found that the proportion of women who paid nothing out of pocket also increased among those using the vaginal ring (from 20% to 74%) and among those using injectable contraceptives (from 27% to 59%). For women using the IUD, the proportion increased from 45% in the fall of 2012 to 62% in the three subsequent waves of the study combined. "This analysis shows that the contraceptive coverage guarantee under the ACA is working as intended," says Adam Sonfield, senior public policy associate at the Guttmacher Institute and lead author of the study. "Large numbers of women are now able to obtain highly effective birth control methods without co-pays or deductibles, making it easier for them to choose the method they can use most consistently and effectively to avoid an unplanned pregnancy." However, the study notes that there are still gaps in coverage, partly due to federal guidelines that allow insurers to charge co-payments in limited situations (e.g., for brand name drugs with generic equivalents or when a woman receives services from an out-of-network provider) and that exempt some employer-sponsored health plans on religious grounds. Gaps also result from some private health plans improperly requiring patient cost-sharing in circumstances where they shouldnt. A previous policy analysis explores this issue in more detail, and recommends greater enforcement by state and federal policymakers to ensure these gaps are closed. These study findings make clear that the ACAs contraceptive coverage guarantee has had a substantial and rapid impact on eliminating out-of-pocket costs among privately insured women using contraceptives. "That these benefits continue to accrue so quickly is remarkable, and shows that the contraceptive coverage guarantee is meeting a real demand," says Sonfield. "Its impact will only continue to grow as its protections are phased in. The proportion of workers enrolled in 'grandfathered' plansexisting plans given a temporary reprieve from many of the ACA's ruleshas been declining rapidly, as Congress intended, from 48% in 2012 to just 26% in 2014, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation." The Guttmacher analysis draws on data from its Continuity and Change in Contraceptive Use study, which collected information from a national survey of women aged 1839 at four points in time, beginning in fall 2012 (before the contraceptive coverage requirement took effect for most women), and ending in spring 2014. Click here for "The Impact of the Federal Contraceptive Coverage Guarantee on Out-of-Pocket Payments for Contraceptives: 2014 Update." Click here for the previous analysis, "Changes in Out-of-Pocket Payments for Contraception by Privately Insured Women During Implementation of the Federal Contraceptive Coverage Requirement." For more information: Facts on Contraceptive Use in the United States Video: Benefits of Contraceptive Use KnowledgePanel Methodology The survey on which this study is based was conducted using GfKs web-enabled KnowledgePanel, a probability-based panel designed to be representative of the U.S. population. Initially, participants are chosen scientifically by a random selection of telephone numbers and residential addresses. Persons in selected households are then invited by telephone or by mail to participate in the web-enabled KnowledgePanel. For those who agree to participate, but do not already have Internet access, GfK provides at no cost a laptop and ISP connection. People who already have computers and Internet service are permitted to participate using their own equipment. Panelists then receive unique log-in information for accessing surveys online, and then are sent e-mails throughout each month inviting them to participate in research. <N> In a reversal from last year, Colorado lawmakers on Thursday approved a state budget that includes funds for a program credited with reducing the teen birth rate by 40 percent and the teen abortion rate by 35 percent. Funding for a successful contraception program in Colorado has survived after a group of Republican lawmakers joined Democrats in supporting the initiative. Shutterstock Funding has survived for a successful contraception program in Colorado after a group of Republican lawmakers joined Democrats in supporting the initiative. A recorded vote on the amendment Thursday confirmed that four Republicans joined Democrats in killing the anti-LARC amendment, the Denver Post reported. Both pro- and anti-choice advocates knew that Republicans in Colorados senate would offer an amendment this week to eliminate funds from a budget bill for a state program credited with reducing the teen birth rate by 40 percent and the teen abortion rate by 35 percent. The question remained: Would Republicans, who have a one-seat majority in the state senate, hold ranks, as they did last year, and leave the program unfunded? Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE The answer came Wednesday in the form of a senate voice vote against the amendment, offered by state Sens. Laura Woods (R-Westminster) and Tim Neville (R-Littleton), that would have eliminated $2.5 million for Colorados Family Planning Initiative. The program provides long-acting reversible contraception (LARC), such as intrauterine devices (IUDs), to low-income people. About 30,000 long-lasting contraceptive implants were distributed during a five-year pilot program under the states Family Planning Initiative. Participating clinics in 37 of Colorados 64 counties serve 95 percent of the states population. During a brief debate on the senate floor Wednesday, Neville expressed his concern about the use of widespread and temporary sterilization products on women and girls in Colorado. Such temporary sterilization, he said, does nothing to prevent the spread of STDs. There is nothing to suggest that the psychological and medical risks and costs associated with the increased sexual activity will be managed or addressed by these funds or this legislation, Neville said. LARC usage does not result in increased sexual activity, studies show. Some state GOP lawmakers have said they stood against funding for LARCs because they considered that kind of contraception to be abortion. I have no moral problem with contraceptives. The problem is when you kill the child, state Sen. Kevin Lundberg (R-Berthoud) told the Associated Press in November 2014. Medical professionals have repeatedly shown that Lundbergs assertion about LARCs is medically inaccurate. Woods, the other sponsor of the amendment, tried to cut LARC funding despite warnings that her anti-choice positions could damage her re-election efforts in a swing district vital to GOP hopes of retaining control of the state senate. Pro-choice advocates praised the vote to retain LARC money in the budget bill, saying it will offer Coloradans control of their fertility. Self-determination and the ability to be a parent when we are ready should not be a privilege, said Cristina Aguilar, director of the Colorado Organization for Latina Opportunity and Reproductive Rights (COLOR), in an email to Rewire. All women should be able to make decisions about their bodies and their futures. Colorados house last week rejected a similar amendment, so now the state budget bill will go to Gov. John Hickenlooper (D), who is expected to sign it. House Republicans voiced similar opposition to the LARC funds. Some opposed the program based on the incorrect argument that IUDs cause abortions. I would be fine with family planning, said Rep. Gordon Klingenschmitt, as quoted in the Colorado Springs Gazette. I would be fine with some kinds of birth control, but when the taxpayers are funding post-conception abortion pills, that crosses the line. Other Republicans, such as Rep. Patrick Neville (R-Castle Rock), argued that birth control is already covered by the Affordable Care Act, and thus Colorados initiative is not neededeven though the programs training and funds for some types of birth control are not covered by the national health-care law. Pro-choice advocates said the LARC program should serve as a model for other states. Here in Colorado, we know whats proven to work on womens health careaccess to low-cost, long acting reversible contraception and keeping medical decisions between women and their doctors, said Karen Middleton, director of NARAL Pro-Choice America, in an email to Rewire. Funding the LARC program is one of the smartest things we can do for both individual women and public policy as a whole. We hope other states will follow Colorados lead. After Colorado Republicans rejected $5 million for the LARC program last year, the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment undertook its own fundraising effort, raising enough money to keep the program going at a reduced level. The original six-year LARC pilot program was undertaken in Colorado with support from the Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation. <N> Abstract Apart from having been used and misused for at least four millennia for, among others, recreational and medicinal purposes, the cannabis plant and its most peculiar chemical components, the plant cannabinoids (phytocannabinoids), have the merit to have led humanity to discover one of the most intriguing and pleiotropic endogenous signaling systems, the endocannabinoid system (ECS). This review article aims to describe and critically discuss, in the most comprehensive possible manner, the multifaceted aspects of 1) the pharmacology and potential impact on mammalian physiology of all major phytocannabinoids, and not only of the most famous one 9-tetrahydrocannabinol, and 2) the adaptive pro-homeostatic physiological, or maladaptive pathological, roles of the ECS in mammalian cells, tissues, and organs. In doing so, we have respected the chronological order of the milestones of the millennial route from medicinal/recreational cannabis to the ECS and beyond, as it is now clear that some of the early steps in this long path, which were originally neglected, are becoming important again. The emerging picture is rather complex, but still supports the belief that more important discoveries on human physiology, and new therapies, might come in the future from new knowledge in this field. <N> Epilepsy can harm the brain, especially during development, and is often associated with cognitive, behavioral, and psychiatric comorbidities that can combine to severely impair quality of life.1, 2 Epilepsy onset before age 3 years and pharmacoresistance with uncontrolled seizures are associated with lower IQ later in life.3 In older children and adults, epilepsy is also a serious disorder with comorbidities including stigma, restrictive lifestyle, cognitive and psychiatric disorders, physical injuries, and mortality due to sudden unexpected death, drowning, accident, and suicide. Recently, two compounds derived from the marijuana plants Cannabis sativa or Cannabis indica9tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD)have attracted significant research interest as potential therapies for epilepsy. THC is the major psychoactive component of marijuana due to its role as a partial agonist at cannabinoid 1 (CB 1 ) receptors, which are located primarily in the brain; it is also a partial agonist of CB 2 receptors, which are located primarily in immune and hematopoietic cells. CB 1 receptors are present in inhibitory aminobutyric acid (GABA)ergic and excitatory glutamatergic neurons.4 CBD is the major nonpsychoactive component of cannabis and can diminish the effects of CB 1 activation. The mechanism by which CBD exerts its antiepileptic effects is not well defined, and likely includes multiple mechanisms. These may include modulation of equilibrative nucleoside transporter, the orphan Gproteincoupled protein receptor, and the transient receptor potential of melastatin type 8 channel.5 CBD is an agonist at the 5HT 1a and the 3 and 1 glycine receptors and the transient receptor potential of ankyrin type 1.6 At higher concentrations, CBD activates the nuclear peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptor and the transient receptor potential of vanilloid type 1 (TRPV1) and TRPV2 channels, and inhibits the cellular uptake and degradation of the endocannabinoid anandamide.7 CBD also modulates the intracellular Ca2+ concentration and inhibits Ttype calcium channels.8 In addition, CBD has antiapoptotic, neuroprotective, and antiinflammatory effects.9 In animal models of seizures and epilepsy, 9THC has primarily anticonvulsant properties, but is proconvulsant in some species;10 CBD is more consistently anticonvulsant.11 Many effects of CBD follow a bellshaped doseresponse curve,12-14 suggesting that dose is a key factor in its pharmacology. Recently, CBD has proven to have anxiolytic effects in a randomized controlled trial (RCT),15 and it is has been proposed as a potential treatment for psychosis.16 Early clinical studies on the use of CBD and other cannabinoids for epilepsy had methodologic limitations. A recent Cochrane review identified four studies published between 1978 and 1990 that met the inclusion criteria of being RCTs that were blinded (single or double) or unblinded.17 These studies were not adequately powered (they included between 9 and 15 patients), one of them being an unpublished abstract.17 Therefore, they failed to provide evidence about cannabinoid efficacy in treating epilepsy. The main conclusion was that CBD in the 200300 mg/day range in adults is usually well tolerated, although, given the short lengths of treatment reported, no information could be obtained regarding the safety of longterm CBD treatment.17 Clinical research on CBD in epilepsy has been limited by the legal restriction to use cannabisderived medicine. Although CBD does not seem to have the psychoactive properties associated with THC,18 U.S. federal law prohibits its use and it is classified as a Schedule I controlled substance. Paradoxically, marijuana with 9THC, is available in about one third of the states in the United States for medical use and there are many more states that are currently considering legislation to approve medical marijuana; it is also licensed in Canada and European countries such as the The Netherlands and Israel. Many physicians who treat epilepsy have encountered patients using cannabis preparations as an alternative therapy as patients and parents have sought CBDenriched cannabis for treatmentresistant epilepsy. A recent U.S. survey of 19 parents, 12 of whom had children with Dravet syndrome, explored the use of CBDenriched cannabis in pediatric treatmentresistant epilepsy.19 Of parental respondents, 53% reported a >80% reduction in seizure frequency; 11% of children were seizure free during a 3month trial. Among the 12 patients with Dravet syndrome, 42% reported a >80% reduction in seizures. The parents often reported improved alertness and none reported severe side effects, although a few of them reported drowsiness and fatigue. Neither the doses nor the exact composition of the different cannabis extracts could be determined. Therefore, a possible placebo effect as well as the impact of the percentages of THC on both effects and side effects in this very select population could not be assessed. Prominent Internet and national media attention has fueled a rapidly growing interest among parents to use cannabisderivatives to treat epilepsy. The data consist of anecdotal cases of children successfully treated with the medical marijuana, often CBDenriched preparations. However, the lack of regulation and standardization in the medical cannabis industry raises concerns regarding the composition and consistency of the products that are dispensed. Most parents use cannabis extracts purchased from a dispensary or from a cannabis grower.19 These artisanal preparations may contain different percentages of CBD and THC, as well as many other cannabinoids and other compounds. Their concentration can vary based on the plant clones, weather, soil, and other factors. Most importantly, there are no controlled data on the use of these preparations. We lack blinded data on efficacy as well as safety. To assess safety and efficacy of medical marijuana, the chemical mixture should be stable over time and by different growers. For example, a high CBD:THC clone by a grower in one area may have different ratios of these two cannabinoids as well as varying quantities of other cannabinoids when cultivated by another grower in another area. And there may be variability even for the same grower because soil nutrients, plant pathogens, and many other factors can vary even within the same greenhouse. Randomized doubleblind placebocontrolled trials are required to determine the efficacy of CBD, CBDTHC combinations, or other cannabis products as potential treatments for epilepsy. Anecdotal data of individual cases or case series can give a potential signal of efficacy and safety, but doctors, patients, and parents are all biased. A strong selection bias can lead patients and parents who have heard positive information about the efficacy of medical marijuana and who believe in the benefits of a naturalistic therapy to use marijuana as an epilepsy therapy. The risk of negative effects of cannabis in the developing brain must be considered. Recent studies suggest that cannabis has adverse effects in children younger than age 15 years, including a risk for psychosis,20 and longterm impairment of executive function.21 Although many marijuana strains used for epilepsy treatment are reported to have high CBD:THC ratios, THC is more potent than CBD, so low doses of THC can have adverse effects, especially in young children. In addition to THC and CBD, there are >80 other cannabinoids and 300 noncannabinoid chemicals present in cannabis. The safety of these chemicals should be studied. Moreover, the belief that treatments derived from natural products are safer or more effective is common and potentially dangerous. For example, tetrodotoxin is a natural sodium channel blocker produced by fish, worms, octopi, crabs, and other animals. It is 100 times more lethal than potassium cyanide. Many natural products and synthetic medications vary in their therapeutic versus toxic effect based on dose as well as genetic and nongenetic (e.g., other medications) factors. Autonomy is not a compelling argument in our view. A naturally occurring and effective herbaceutical has power for a patient or parent to improve health through selfhelp and selfhealing.22 Many natural botanical compounds are toxic (e.g., THC in children) and many more have no therapeutic or only harmful effects. Autonomy is a step backward for medical care if it becomes dissociated from rigorous and unbiased study. What if the parents of a child with acute leukemia abandoned the chemical cocktail of oncologists with >90% cure rates for a herbaceutical for which a group of parents claimed equal efficacy but no side effects? Laetrile was a natural compound widely hailed as an effective cancer treatment; many patients took laetrile instead of proven chemotherapeutic agents. When the objective data came in, the only clear effect was cyanide toxicity due to metabolism of a compound often contained in the pits used to obtain laetrile.23 The best track record in medicine is with pure compounds and rigorous data. Combination therapies such as CBD and THC are effective for disorders such as spasms in patients with multiple sclerosis, but there is little controlled data for efficacy in any disorder using whole plant extracts. Pure CBD appears to be an excellent candidate among phytocannabinoids to evaluate in patients with treatmentresistant epilepsy.9, 24 Its lack of THC and therefore of the risks associated with the use of marijuana in the young age,25, 26 its excellent safety profile in humans, as well as its efficacy in preclinical studies suggest that it could be a safe and effective drug for epilepsy. The anecdotal human experiences reported in patients with Dravet syndrome and LennoxGastaut syndrome19 are with products containing primarily CBD, often with CBD:THC ratios as high as >20:1. Nevertheless, the safety and efficacy of CBD in patients with epilepsy need to be determined. Patients, families, and the medical community need objective and unbiased data on safety and efficacy to endorse a new drug to treat epilepsy. To assess safety and efficacy, we need to define the precise chemical profile of a drug or botanical product. The data currently available for medicinal marijuana do not meet these criteria.27 In addition, adequate pharmacokinetic data are needed to inform dosing recommendations and identify interactions with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) and other medications that can cause toxicity or impair efficacy. A reasonable development program for CBD in the treatment of epilepsy will obtain initial observations from a dosetolerability and pharmacokinetic study. This will provide data on safety, time to peak level, halflife, drug interactions, as well as obtain a signal on potential efficacy and doseresponse. Subsequently, prospective RCTs should be carried out in select populations of patients with treatmentresistant epilepsies. Dravet syndrome and LennoxGastaut syndrome are attractive as they are orphan disorders in which drug development can be rapid. Similar strategies led to approved treatments such as lamotrigine for LennoxGastaut syndrome, vigabatrin for infantile spasms, and stiripentol for Dravet syndrome.28 Although many new medications were approved in the last 15 years, there is still a desperate unmet need. Treatmentresistant epilepsies impair quality of life and contribute to longterm cognitive and behavioral disorders. These patients often receive high doses of multiAED regimens that cause significant side effects. Very few AEDs were carefully studied for longterm adverse effects. Therefore, it is understandable that patients, parents, and families would be interested in medical marijuana to treat epilepsy, particularly with increasing anecdotal reports of dramatic benefits. We believe a critical first step is systematical investigation of CBD, or other welldefined compounds or products as potential epilepsy therapies. Characterizing the safety and efficacy of marijuana products and their possible role in treating epilepsy in children and adults depends on gathering rigorous clinical experience and data from randomized placebocontrolled, double blind studieswhether of medicinal marijuana or single compounds such as CBD. <N> GPR55 is a G protein-coupled receptor recently shown to be activated by certain cannabinoids and by lysophosphatidylinositol (LPI). However, the physiological role of GPR55 remains unknown. Given the recent finding that the cannabinoid receptors CB 1 and CB 2 affect bone metabolism, we examined the role of GPR55 in bone biology. GPR55 was expressed in human and mouse osteoclasts and osteoblasts; expression was higher in human osteoclasts than in macrophage progenitors. Although the GPR55 agonists O-1602 and LPI inhibited mouse osteoclast formation in vitro, these ligands stimulated mouse and human osteoclast polarization and resorption in vitro and caused activation of Rho and ERK1/2. These stimulatory effects on osteoclast function were attenuated in osteoclasts generated from GPR55 / macrophages and by the GPR55 antagonist cannabidiol (CBD). Furthermore, treatment of mice with this non-psychoactive constituent of cannabis significantly reduced bone resorption in vivo. Consistent with the ability of GPR55 to suppress osteoclast formation but stimulate osteoclast function, histomorphometric and microcomputed tomographic analysis of the long bones from male GPR55 / mice revealed increased numbers of morphologically inactive osteoclasts but a significant increase in the volume and thickness of trabecular bone and the presence of unresorbed cartilage. These data reveal a role of GPR55 in bone physiology by regulating osteoclast number and function. In addition, this study also brings to light an effect of both the endogenous ligand, LPI, on osteoclasts and of the cannabis constituent, CBD, on osteoclasts and bone turnover in vivo. The physiological role(s) of GPR55 remains unknown. Given the apparent role of CB 1 and CB 2 in regulating bone mass, we examined whether GPR55 is expressed by osteoblasts and osteoclasts and whether this receptor regulates bone cell function in vitro and in vivo. We present evidence that GPR55 plays a role in bone physiology, with major implications for the development of GPR55- and CBD-related therapeutics. In some systems such as the vasculature, there is considerable evidence for a role of non-CB 1 /non-CB 2 receptors in mediating some of the effects of certain cannabinoid ligands (for review, see ref. 4 ). Such non-CB 1 /non-CB 2 effects have been observed with a range of cannabinoid ligands including certain endocannabinoids and the phytocannabinoid-like compound O-1602; these effects are antagonized by the cannabis constituent cannabidiol (CBD) ( 4 ). Recently, the G protein-coupled receptor GPR55 has been shown to be activated by O-1602 (EC 50 = 13 nM) and antagonized by CBD (IC 50 = 445 nM) ( 5  8 ). In contrast, these compounds have low affinity (530 M) for CB 1 and CB 2 receptors ( 9 , 10 ). GPR55 also is activated by the bioactive lipid, L--lysophosphatidylinositol (LPI) ( 11 , 12 ). A role for the endocannabinoid system ( 1 ) in the regulation of bone mass has been demonstrated recently, because mice lacking either of the cannabinoid receptors CB 1 or CB 2 have abnormal bone phenotypes. Furthermore, cannabinoid receptor agonists and inverse agonists reduce bone loss in mice following ovariectomy and have direct effects on both bone-resorbing cells (osteoclasts) and bone-forming cells (osteoblasts) in vitro ( 2 , 3 ). CBD has been estimated to have a half-life of 25 days in humans ( 15 , 16 ). Treatment of male mice for 8 weeks with 10 mg/kg CBD (3 times per week) significantly decreased the level of serum type 1 collagen C-terminal telopeptide fragments (CTX), a biochemical marker of bone resorption, by 18% (P < 0.05) (vehicle control = 22.47 ng/L; CBD-treated = 18.27 ng/L). Microtomographic (CT) analysis of the proximal tibiae also revealed a trend toward increased BV/TV (+ 10%) and trabecular number (+ 10%), with a decrease in trabecular separation ( 7%), trabecular pattern factor ( 5%), and structure modulus index ( 8%) in the tibia of the CBD-treated mice relative to control. These findings were consistent with a decrease in bone resorption in CBD-treated mice, although these changes were not statistically significant over this treatment schedule. Male GPR55 / mice also demonstrated a trebling of osteoclast surface and osteoclast number compared with male wild-type mice. Despite this increase, an impairment in osteoclast function in GPR55 / animals was confirmed by measurement of cartilage remnants within the trabecular bone, which revealed a doubling of the cartilage content within the trabecular bone of the secondary spongiosa ( C and Table S1 ). Histologically, osteoclasts in GPR55 / bones appeared plump and inactive. The presence of unresorbed cartilage also was significantly higher in female GPR55 / mice than female wild-type mice, suggesting a phenotype similar to but milder than that in the male GPR55 / mice. In contrast to male GPR55 / mice, however, the number of osteoclasts in female GPR55 / mice was reduced considerably compared with wild-type mice, and no change in trabecular bone volume was observed. These differences between male wild-type and male GPR55 / mice were confirmed by histomorphometric analysis of femoral sections from 12-week-old mice ( Table S1 ). In male, but not female, GPR55 / mice, trabecular BV/TV was increased significantly, and trabecular separation was reduced significantly compared with male wild-type mice. However, no significant changes were detected in any histomorphometric indices of bone formation, including osteoblast surface, osteoblast number, osteoid surface, osteoid volume, or osteoid thickness. In 12-week-old male GPR55 / mice, bone volume [bone volume (BV)/tissue volume (TV)] was significantly increased in the tibia and femur compared with wild-type littermates, together with a significant increase in trabecular number, trabecular connectivity (trabecular pattern factor), and a transition from rod-like to plate-like trabecular structure (structure modulus index) in the femur ( A and B). These changes were not seen in female GPR55 / mice of the same age. No significant changes in cortical bone volume were detected in male or female mice compared with GPR55 / mice of the same age. Using a pull-down assay, treatment of human osteoclasts with O-1602 for 10 min caused an increase in active, GTP-bound Rho. This effect was prevented by pretreatment of the osteoclasts for 10 min with 1 M of the GPR55 antagonist CBD ( A). Although LPI showed the same trend toward Rho activation and inhibition of this effect with CBD, this trend did not reach statistical significance. ERK phosphorylation in human osteoclasts was increased following treatment with LPI; this effect also was prevented by pretreatment with 1 M CBD ( A). Similarly, O-1602 showed the same trend toward activation of ERK signaling and inhibition of this effect with CBD, but this trend did not reach statistical significance. As with human osteoclasts, treatment of mouse osteoclasts with O-1602 or LPI also caused activation of Rho. This effect was absent in GPR55 / osteoclasts ( B). Consistent with the effects seen on human osteoclasts, when mouse osteoclasts were treated with O-1602, we observed a significant increase in the proportion of mouse osteoclasts with F-actin rings (with 1100 nM O-1602) and a significant increase in resorption area (with 50 nM O-1602) ( Fig. S5 ). LPI, another GPR55 agonist, also increased the number of polarized, actively resorbing human osteoclasts (with 100 nM, 242%  82% of control; P < 0.05) and increased resorption area (with 100 nM, 192%  61% of control; P < 0.05) ( D and E). Treatment of human osteoclasts (cultured on dentine discs for 5 days) with O-1602 caused an increase in the proportion of polarized, actively resorbing osteoclasts with F-actin rings and increased the area of resorption pits on the discs ( AC). Furthermore the GPR55 antagonist CBD, at a concentration of 500 nM (similar to the IC 50 value of 445 nM in previous studies) ( 6 ), significantly inhibited both the increase in resorption area and the F-actin ring number seen after treatment with 50 nM O-1602 alone (P < 0.001) ( AC). This concentration of CBD slightly (but not significantly) reduced the basal level of resorption and significantly decreased the number of polarized osteoclasts with F-actin rings. However, a higher concentration of 1 M CBD alone significantly inhibited both human osteoclast polarization and resorption ( Fig. S4 ). Osteoclasts generated from GPR55 / bone marrow macrophages (BMMs) appeared larger than wild-type osteoclasts ( D). Concentrations of 5 nM to 1 M O-1602 significantly inhibited the formation of multinucleated mouse osteoclasts ( B), although the macrophages still seemed to differentiate into tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP)-positive mononuclear cells ( D). This inhibitory effect of O-1602 on multinucleated cell formation was not seen in cultures of GPR55 / BMMs ( B and D) but still occurred in cultures of CB 1 / and CB 2 / BMMs ( Fig. S3 ). Furthermore, the inhibitory effect of O-1602 on multinucleated osteoclast formation did not occur in the presence of 500 nM CBD ( Fig. S3 ). Like O-1602, the GPR55 ligand LPI also inhibited mouse osteoclast formation, an effect that (as with O-1602) was not seen with GPR55 / BMMs ( C). With the use of quantitative PCR, expression of GPR55 mRNA was detected in human osteoclasts generated from macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF)dependent monocytes. The mean GPR55 expression was 8-fold higher in osteoclasts than in monocytes in blood from 7 different healthy blood donors ( Supporting Information (SI) Fig. S1A ), and the expression of GPR55 in osteoclasts was similar in males and females; the mean ratio of GPR55:GAPDH expression was 0.096 in 3 male donors, 0.068 in 4 female donors. Discussion The physiological function of GPR55 is largely unknown. Using immunostaining and quantitative PCR, we demonstrate that both human and mouse osteoclasts and osteoblasts express GPR55 and that GPR55 mRNA is present in human monocytic osteoclast precursors but increases during differentiation into mature, multinucleated osteoclasts. To investigate the role of GPR55 in osteoclast formation, we used a synthetic GPR55 agonist, O-1602 (6, 13). O-1602 significantly inhibited the late stages (including cell fusion) of osteoclastogenesis from mouse precursors. Although there is evidence that O-1602 can act on additional targets (13), in the present study the inhibitory effect of O-1602 on osteoclastogenesis was mediated via GPR55, because this effect was not observed in BMMs from GPR55/ mice but was retained in macrophages from CB 1 / and CB 2 / mice. Consistent with the inhibitory effect of O-1602 on mouse osteoclast formation in vitro, osteoclast number was significantly higher in the long bones from GPR55/ mice than in those from wild-type mice. O-1602 had no effect on the formation of human osteoclasts in vitro. It remains unclear why O-1602 inhibited the formation of mouse osteoclasts but not human osteoclasts; a possibility is that human osteoclasts already produce higher levels of an endogenous agonist. However, consistent with the hypothesis that GPR55 plays some inhibitory role in osteoclastogenesis, the antagonist CBD did increase human osteoclast formation significantly. Next, we examined the role of GPR55 in osteoclast function. O-1602 had a stimulatory effect on cell polarization and resorption in human osteoclasts that was attenuated in the presence of the GPR55 antagonist CBD. Furthermore, treatment with 1 M CBD alone significantly decreased cell polarization and resorption, presumably by antagonizing the effect of GPR55 ligands present in the culture medium or produced endogenously (such as 2-arachidonoylglycerol, which we recently have shown can be produced by osteoclasts) (17). The endogenous GPR55 agonist LPI also stimulated human osteoclast polarization and resorption. Both O-1602 and LPI elicited a bell-shaped concentrationresponse relationship for these effects on osteoclasts, a typical response of cultured cells to cannabinoids (18). The stimulatory effect of GPR55 agonists on osteoclasts probably is mediated, at least in part, by activation of the small GTPase Rho (6, 12, 19), which is known to play important roles in osteoclast polarization and bone resorption (2022). We found that treatment of human osteoclasts with O-1602 or LPI caused activation of Rho, an effect that was prevented by pretreatment of osteoclasts with CBD. The stimulatory effect of O-1602 and LPI on Rho was mediated via GPR55, because this effect was absent in mouse osteoclasts derived from GPR55/ BMMs compared with osteoclasts from wild-type BMMs. LPI (and, to a lesser extent, O-1602) also caused activation of ERK in osteoclasts; ERK is associated with increased osteoclast activity and survival (2325). Although some studies have failed to show that ERK lies downstream of GPR55 (19), other studies have demonstrated robust GPR55-mediated ERK activation (11, 26). The contradictory nature of these findings may relate to the concept of functional selectivity (27, 28), whereby different signaling pathways (e.g., Rho and ERK) are activated in an agonist- and tissue-specific manner (8). Together, our studies strongly indicate that both Rho and ERK signaling lie downstream of GPR55 in osteoclasts and that GPR55 plays a role in regulating osteoclast function. Consistent with the stimulatory effects of GPR55 agonists on both human and mouse osteoclast function in vitro, male GPR55/ mice had evidence of decreased bone resorption and an osteopetrotic phenotype. Although osteoclast numbers were increased significantly, osteoclast function was impaired, as indicated by increased cartilage remnants within the trabecular bone (2931). This impairment in osteoclast function is consistent with our observed effects of O-1602 on osteoclasts in vitro and a role for GPR55 in stimulating osteoclast activity. An increase in osteoclast number in the presence of impaired function often is observed in osteopetrotic phenotypes and seems to be a homeostatic response (32). The reason for the milder bone phenotype in the female GPR55/ mice is not yet known, because there were no noticeable differences in GPR55 expression in human osteoclasts derived from males or females. It is possible that, in vivo, hormonal differences may play a compensatory role in female GPR55/ mice or that males are more susceptible to loss of GPR55-mediated signaling. Alternatively, this difference could relate to the higher level of remodeling in wild-type female mice compared with males. The high bone mass phenotype of the GPR55/ mice therefore seems to be predominantly the result of a defect in osteoclast function rather than an increase in osteoblast-mediated bone formation, because O-1602 had little effect on the differentiation or mineralization of osteoblasts cultured in vitro, and osteoblast number and osteoblast surface were not altered in the GPR55/ mice compared with wild-type controls. Together, our observations indicate that GPR55 has a necessary role in bone physiology, regulating the formation and particularly the activity of osteoclasts. Previous studies have highlighted the involvement of the cannabinoid receptors CB 1 and CB 2 in the local and/or central control of bone mass (2, 3, 33). Opinion is divided as to whether endocannabinoids have the ability to act as agonists of GPR55 (6, 11, 12, 19, 26), but our findings introduce the possibility that the effect of certain endocannabinoids on bone cells may be mediated, at least in part, via GPR55. Lysophospholipids play a role in many physiological and pathophysiological processes and now are recognized as extracellular signaling molecules as well as precursors of phospholipid synthesis (34). We show here that LPI causes activation of ERK and Rho in osteoclasts via GPR55 and hence could play a role in regulating bone resorption in vivo. Our observations also suggest that CBD can inhibit bone resorption in vivo via modulation of GPR55 signaling. CBD has been shown to be an effective oral anti-arthritic therapeutic (35). The receptor mechanisms underlying these therapeutic effects of CBD are unknown, but our observations clearly indicate that GPR55 has a role in the pharmacology of CBD. Recently, GPR55/ mice have been shown to be resistant to neuropathic and inflammatory pain (36); therefore the search for selective GPR55 antagonists for testing in pain models already is underway. Our observations suggest that blocking GPR55 also may have direct beneficial effects on bone turnover in arthritic or metabolic bone diseases. Finally, although CBD is a major constituent of cannabis, it remains to be determined whether cannabis smoking may increase bone density, because delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol, another constituent, also is thought to be a GPR55 ligand (6, 19) and may oppose the effects of CBD. <N> Osteoclasts are multinucleated monocyte-macrophage derivatives that degrade bone. Their specialized role is central to a process that continuously removes and replaces segments of the skeleton in the higher vertebrates. Osteoclasts allow skeletal mineral to be used to manage extracellular calcium activity, which is an important adaptation for life on land, and solid skeletal structure to be replaced by hollow architecture that has a superior strength-to-weight ratio. Degrading bone also allows periodic repair and remodeling for ordered growth and efficient response to mechanical loads. A fairly comprehensive view of osteoclastic ontogeny and function is emerging from recent studies. Osteoclasts dissolve bone mineral by massive acid secretion and secrete specialized proteinases that degrade the organic matrix, mainly type I collagen, in this acidic milieu. The site of bone dissolution is a high-calcium environment; removal of degradation products by transcytosis of membrane vesicles allows the osteoclast to maintain a normal intracellular calcium. Osteoclastic differentiation is normally balanced with bone formation, although bone formation is the function of unrelated stromal cell-derived osteoblasts. Interactions between osteoclast precursors and bone-forming cells are believed to control osteoclast differentiation under most circumstances, preserving bone architecture over many cycles of bone replacement. <N> Migration and differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells  are known to be involved in various regenerative processes such as bone healing. However, little is known about the pharmacotherapeutical options aiming at the mobilization and differentiation of MSCs. The present study therefore focussed on cannabinoids which have been demonstrated to exhibit tissue healing properties. Using Boyden chamber assays, the non-psychoactive phytocannabinoid cannabidiol (CBD) was found to increase the migration of adipose-derived MSCs in a time- and concentration-dependent manner. CBD-induced migration was inhibited by AM-630 (CB receptor antagonist) and O-1602 (G protein-coupled receptor 55 [GRP55] agonist). Moreover, the promigratory effect of CBD was antagonized by inhibition of the p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway which became activated upon CBD treatment. In line with this data, AM-630 and O-1602 attenuated CBD-induced p42/44 MAPK phosphorylation. A p42/44 MAPK-dependent promigratory effect was likewise demonstrated for the GPR55 antagonist O-1918 and the selective CB receptor agonist JWH-133. Additional evidence for a functional effect of CBD on MSCs was provided by experiments demonstrating long-term stimulation with CBD to induce differentiation of MSCs into the osteoblastic lineage as evidenced by increased mineralization assessed by cresolphthalein complexone assay and enhanced activity of alkaline phosphatase. Collectively, this study demonstrates CBD to promote the migration of MSCs via activation of the CB receptor and inhibition of GPR55 and to induce osteoblastic differentiation. CBD may therefore recruit MSCs to sites of calcifying tissue regeneration and subsequently support bone regeneration via an osteoanabolic action on MSCs. <N> Cannabinoid ligands regulate bone mass, but skeletal effects of cannabis (marijuana and hashish) have not been reported. Bone fractures are highly prevalent, involving prolonged immobilization and discomfort. Here we report that the major nonpsychoactive cannabis constituent, cannabidiol (CBD), enhances the biomechanical properties of healing rat midfemoral fractures. The maximal load and worktofailure, but not the stiffness, of femurs from rats given a mixture of CBD and 9tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) for 8 weeks were markedly increased by CBD. This effect is not shared by THC (the psychoactive component of cannabis), but THC potentiates the CBD stimulated worktofailure at 6 weeks postfracture followed by attenuation of the CBD effect at 8 weeks. Using microcomputed tomography (CT), the fracture callus size was transiently reduced by either CBD or THC 4 weeks after fracture but reached control level after 6 and 8 weeks. The callus material density was unaffected by CBD and/or THC. By contrast, CBD stimulated mRNA expression of Plod1 in primary osteoblast cultures, encoding an enzyme that catalyzes lysine hydroxylation, which is in turn involved in collagen crosslinking and stabilization. Using Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy we confirmed the increase in collagen crosslink ratio by CBD, which is likely to contribute to the improved biomechanical properties of the fracture callus. Taken together, these data show that CBD leads to improvement in fracture healing and demonstrate the critical mechanical role of collagen crosslinking enzymes.  2015 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research. <N> Bone collagen cross-links are now widely used to assess bone resorption levels in many metabolic bone diseases. The post-translational modifications of bone and other mineralizing collagens are significantly different from those of other type I collagen matrices, a fact that has been exploited during recent advances in the development of biochemical markers of bone resorption. The enzymatic collagen cross-linking mechanism is based upon aldehyde formation from specific telopeptide lysine or hydroxylysine residues. The immature ketoimine cross-links in bone form via the condensation of a telopeptide aldehyde with a helical lysine or hydroxylysine. Subsequent maturation to the pyridinoline and pyrrole cross-links occur by further reaction of the ketoimines with telopeptide aldehydes. In mineralizing tissues, a relatively low level of lysyl hydroxylation results in low levels of hydroxylysyl pyridinoline, and the occurrence of the largely bone specific lysyl pyridinoline and pyrrolic cross-links. The collagen post-translational modifications appear to play an integral role in matrix mineralization. The matrix of the turkey tendon only mineralizes after a remodeling of the collagen and the subsequent formation of a modified matrix more typical of bone than tendon. Further, disturbances in the post-translational modification of collagen can also affect the mineralization density and crystal structure of the tissue. In addition to their use as a convenient measure of matrix degradation, collagen cross-links are of significant importance for the biomechanical integrity of bone. Recent studies of osteoporotic bone, for example, have demonstrated that subtle perturbations in the pattern of lysine hydroxylation result in changes in the cross-link profile. These alterations, specifically changes in the level of the pyrrolic cross-link, also correlate with the strength of the bone. Further research into the biochemistry of bone collagen cross-links may expand current understanding and their clinical application in metabolic bone disease. This review also demonstrates the potential for further study into this area to provide more subtle information into the mechanisms and etiology of disease and aging of mineralizing tissues. <N> Abstract The United Nations drug control conventions of 1960 and 1971 and later additions have inadvertently resulted in perhaps the greatest restrictions of medical and life sciences research. These conventions now need to be revised to allow neuroscience to progress unimpeded and to assist in the innovation of treatments for brain disorders. In the meantime, local changes, such as the United Kingdom moving cannabis from Schedule 1 to Schedule 2, should be implemented to allow medical research to develop appropriately. Citation: Nutt D (2015) Illegal Drugs Laws: Clearing a 50-Year-Old Obstacle to Research. PLoS Biol 13(1): e1002047. _LINKS_ Published: January 27, 2015 Copyright:  2015 David Nutt. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited Funding: No specific funding was received for this work. Competing interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist. Introduction Many drugs are made illegal in an attempt to reduce their availability and so their harms. This control occurs at both national and international levelsin the latter case, in the United Nations conventions that make a whole range of drugs from cannabis to heroin illegal. Many people are aware of the challenges to this system of control in terms of human rights abuses by those who seek to implement a prohibitionist approach to drug control, as well as the failure of, and massive collateral damage from, the War on Drugs that is currently being waged to stop drug use (_LINKS_. Less well known are the perverse restrictions that these laws have had on pharmacology and therapeutics research. Here I will show how they have led to censoring of life science and medical research, with disastrous consequences that have lasted for more than 50 years and counting. Recently additional controls have started to be developed, provoked by the fear of so-called legal highs. These are drugs that mimic the actions of controlled drugs but are of different chemical structures, so they fall outside the UN conventions or local laws. So, for example, the Republic of Ireland has now banned the sale of any chemical that might be used recreationally, a move that if enforced could stop all pharmaceutical research and development in the country. In the United States, city and state governments often move to outlaw novel drugs before the federal government believes it has sufficient evidence to make that determination. Some have been extreme in their lack of understanding of pharmacology. For example, a bill in Maryland would have outlawed any compound with any binding to any cannabinoid receptor, with no mention of thresholds for binding affinity, whether the ligand had agonist or antagonist efficacy, or whether actions at other receptor sites might moderate overall abuse potential (_LINKS_. This demonstrates a very extreme version of prohibition, in which molecular entities that have yet to exist are deemed Schedule 1, as if we had absolute ability to perfectly predict the activity of a novel chemical structure. Drug Control Laws Most national laws controlling illegal drugs are based on the UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs (1961) and the Convention on Psychotropic Substances (1971) that define a range of substances that are supposedly sufficiently harmful to be removed from the usual sales regulations (see Table 1). They are made illegal, which means that punishments are implemented for sale and, in most cases, possession. Some of these can be very severe; e.g., some countries have the death penalty for personal possession of heroin and other opioids [1]. PPT PowerPoint slide PowerPoint slide PNG larger image larger image TIFF original image Download: Table 1. The current status of drugs in the UN Conventions and UK and US drugs legislation. _LINKS_.t001 However, many illegal drugs have medicinal uses: for example, opioids for pain, amphetamines for narcolepsy and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and even cocaine for local blood control and anaesthesia in ear nose and throat (ENT) surgery. In most Western countries there is an attempt to make the medical use of these exempt from the legal controls that try to limit recreational use. So, in the United Kingdom and US, drugs such as morphine and amphetamine are exempted from the most severe controls that apply to non-medical drugs, such as crack cocaine and crystal meth (see [1]). In practice this means that they are available from pharmacies and most universities can hold them for research purposes. The problem for researchers comes from two sources: (1) the banning of certain medicines and (2) current regulations limiting the study of the medical potential of drugs, e.g. LSD, psilocybin, and MDMA, that are subject to the most stringent level of control. The Banning of Certain Medicines Many traditional medicines have been defined out of the pharmacopeia by international and national conventions. These include plant sources of DMT such as ayahausca and ibogaine, but the most obvious one is cannabis. Cannabis has been used medically for over 4,000 years [2], yet since the 1961 UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, it has been defined as not having such value. As a result, cannabis is put into Schedule 1. Drugs located in Schedule 1 are subject to the most stringent level of control in most countries in the world (see [1] for a fuller description of these schedules and laws justifying them). This status means that researchers (both preclinical and clinical) require a special licence to hold the drug. In the UK only four (out of many hundred) hospitals have such a licence, though all can hold heroin, a much more harmful and sought-after drug by anyones estimate, because heroin is in Schedule 2. These restrictions have meant that research on the medical uses of cannabis has hardly occurred in the past 50 years, despite substantial increase in knowledge of the many pharmacologically active components of the cannabis plant, many of which have medical potential [2]. Moreover, what little research has taken placesuch as the development of the cannabis oral spray Sativexhas been delayed by the question of what licence it would be given (now in the UK, it is Schedule 4 despite being identical in pharmaceutical content to plant cannabis, which is still held in Schedule 1]. Similar controls apply in the US, where therapeutic studies on cannabis products have been hampered by intense regulations: in the US only three people hold Drug Enforcement Agency licences to research cannabis clinically. As a result, in many US states the population defied Federal laws and voted for the legalization of medical cannabis (with Colorado and Washington State making recreational use legal as well: _LINKS_. In the UK sub-national democracy for health issues does not exist, so it is estimated that over 30,000 people use medical cannabis illegally, and many get arrested for doing so, particularly as, since 2005, self-medication with cannabis has been specifically excluded as a defence in UK law (despite the fact that it can still be pleaded as a defence for the use of any other illegal drug for self-medication) [3]. How the Law Stops Innovation of New Medicines Table 2 shows that many popular illegal drugs have plausible medical uses. Some of these come from studies that were conducted when they were legal. For instance, LSD was tested in six clinical trials for alcoholism before it was banned in the 1960s. A recent meta-analysis of these studies found an effect-size equal to that of any current treatment for this addiction [4]. So why has the therapeutic potential of LSD not been developed for the past 50 years? The answer is that, because of its Schedule 1 status, research is almost impossible. Most hospitals are banned from holding it, as are many university research institutions. Getting a Schedule 1 licence in the UK takes about a year and costs around 5,000, with 3,000 for the licence and 2,000 for the other requirements such as extra security for the drug cabinets, police checks, etc. PPT PowerPoint slide PowerPoint slide PNG larger image larger image TIFF original image Download: Table 2. Demonstrated and potential medical uses of illegal drugs. _LINKS_.t002 Additionally, there is often considerable extra bureaucracy with the need and cost of import licences, since most suppliers are overseas. Moreover, sourcing an LSD formulation for human clinical trial use is close to impossible under current UK and European clinical trial guidelines that require Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) production compliance (_LINKS_, as no company we know of in the world is currently approved for this. The situation is somewhat easier in the US and Switzerland, where drugs sourced to high purity, though without the full GMP accreditation, can be used in clinical studies (see [1]). Thus, academic chemistry departments and small chemistry producers can act as providers. Similar considerations apply to all the drugs in Table 2, although the rising interest in psilocybin as a neuroscience tool and as a possible treatment for obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) [5] and depression has led to one company developing a GMP supply. However, this does not end the regulatory hurdles as the tableting and dispensing still requires a Schedule licenced site, which are scarce, and as mentioned above, only four hospitals in the UK have a Schedule 1 dispensing licence. Our own experience has shown that overcoming these hurdlesif at all possibletakes several years and increases the cost of this research by about 10-fold over that for legal drugs. The regulations can also be applied arbitrarily to new drugs that are under research. For example, based on the clinical case reports of MDMA helping in the dyskinesia of Parkinsons disease [6] we began to develop a series of legal MDMA analogues for this indication. In parallel, head-shops began selling similar analogues for recreational use. Following some media hysteria, these drugs became banned in the UK, but the legislation was vey broad and so included the compounds we were working on [7]. As a result, this research has now had to stop because not all the various sites on which the work was conducted can afford Schedule 1 licences. Another recent example is that of ketamine analogues that were being developed as new treatments for pain and depression [1, 8]. Because one or two became available for recreational use (though without any deaths), these and hundreds of other analogues were banned and put in Schedule 1. This effectively stopped research in this field, leaving only ketamine (as it is Schedule 2) available for research. Ketamine is well known to be dependence inducing and to produce significant bladder damage in a proportion of users, so finding safer alternatives was a priority; the fact that all known analogues, including many that may never be developedlet alone testedare now Schedule 1 drugs means that finding a safer alternative is now almost certainly never going to happen. The pharmaceutical industry is very reluctant to develop drugs that are controlled because of the significant cost implications of the regulatory hurdles and because investors often consider working in the illegal drug space to be condoning drug abuse. One further absurdity of the current approach is that it takes no notice of amount. This means that a single molecule of an illegal drug is illegal. This is already limiting PET research with new 5HT2A receptor tracers, where picogramme quantities required for tracer production (well below quantities having psychological effects) need licences [7]. Similarly, research on the epidemiology of new psychoactive substances is limited because once they are made illegal, transferring tiny (sub-active) amounts between research labs becomes subject to complex licence and importexport regulations. In the UK such licences are required for each and every drug separately which massively increases costs. Moreover each are time-limited to only 8 weeks so they need to be renewed repeatedly. Our work on cannabis has been delayed because it turned out that cannabis placebo is considered a Schedule 1 drug in the UK. This meant that placebo had to be added to our licence and that import and export licences were then required for obtaining it from overseas suppliers. As these licences only last for 8 weeks, they commonly time-expire before the university or the supplier have dealt with the contractual documents. We are currently on our third licence for placebo cannabis and still awaiting supply. Most researchers do not have the time, money, or energy to work their way through the regulatory jungle. We are the first group in the UK ever to study psilocybin and the first in the 50 years since the regulations were brought in to study LSD. Already the insights gained have transformed our understanding of the role of these drugs and, by inference, the role of 5HT2A receptors in brain function [9], and these findings have now been back-translated into preclinical studies with considerable value [10]. Maybe one could argue that the impairment of research produced by the regulations on illegal drugs is worth it because recreational use is reduced. However, it is highly doubtful that this is the case with any of these drugs since they are all readily available from dealers or even over the Internet. Moreover, we can find no instances of diversion of Schedule 1 or Schedule 2 drugs from research labs. So the law simply censors research rather than protects the public; indeed the limitation to clinical research produced by the regulations almost certainly has done much more harm than good to society by impeding medical progress. What Is the Solution? This is remarkably simple; all that needs to happen is for each national government to redefine UN Schedule 1 drugs as Schedule 2 in their country. The governments would still be complying with the UN conventions (i.e., the drugs would still be illegal), but the drugs could be held by research establishments and hospitals alongside drugs currently in Schedule 2, e.g., opioids and stimulants. There would be no increased risk of diversion, but a significant easing of the regulatory burden for research. A more rational European approach to GMP production of research compounds for Phase I and II clinical trials would also make clinical research much easier without any significant risk to participants. As we work towards lifting the ban on pharmacological innovation and research with current Schedule 1 drugs, it will be important to encourage and support the efforts of scientists to oppose harmful new legislation, such as blanket bans on chemical or pharmacological series. In the US, researchers have intervened in these political processes when city-based or state-based proposed legislation has threatened current or upcoming medical research projects (see for example, the testimony to the Maryland Senate provided in the following: _LINKS_. <N> Book says Hillary talks to dead First lady acknowledged 'imaginary' chats. June 22, 1996 Web posted at: 11:55 p.m. EDT WASHINGTON (CNN) -- First lady Hillary Rodham Clinton held imaginary conversations with Eleanor Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi as a therapeutic release, according to a new book written by Bob Woodward, says a report in Sunday's edition of The Chicago Sun-Times. The first lady declined a personal adviser's suggestion that she address Jesus Christ, however, because it would be "too personal," according to Woodward's book, "The Choice." The book, which is still to be published, takes a behind-the-scenes look at the Clintons, as well as Bob and Elizabeth Dole. Woodward says the adviser was Jean Houston, co-director of the Foundation for Mind Research, which he describes as a group that studies the psychic experience and altered and expanded consciousness. The book portrays Houston as an influential adviser who urged Mrs. Clinton to write her book, "It Takes a Village and Other Lessons Children Teach Us," and in the process "virtually moved into the White House" for days at a time to help with revisions, the Sun-Times reported. Woodward suggests the White House hoped to keep Mrs. Clinton's relationship with Houston and her talks with the dead a secret. "Most people in the White House did not know about Hillary's sessions with Houston. ... To some of the few who did, the meetings could trigger politically damaging comparisons to Nancy Reagan's use of astrology," Woodward wrote. Mrs. Clinton's spokeswoman, Lisa Caputo, is quoted in the Sun-Times as saying the first lady's interest in Houston is no secret. Woodward says anthropologist Mary Catherine Bateson, daughter of famed anthropologist Margaret Mead, joined her in sessions of imaginary conversations. Woodward is an assistant managing editor at The Washington Post. As a reporter, he helped break the Watergate scandal with Carl Bernstein. Mrs. Clinton herself wrote about her imaginary conversations with Eleanor Roosevelt in her June 10 column. She said she talked to Roosevelt about the role of a first lady. "She usually responds by telling me to buck up, or at least to grow skin as thick as a rhinoceros," Mrs. Clinton wrote. In the column, she described Houston as an expert on philosophy and mythology. "(Houston) has shared her views with me on everything from the ancient Greeks to the lives of women and children on Bangladesh," she wrote. Mrs. Clinton also acknowledged her relationship with Bateson. "She and I have spent hours discussing the ways in which women in different societies attempt to fulfill their responsibilities to their families, jobs and communities," Mrs. Clinton wrote. Related stories: <N> The Choice is not really about the 1996 presidential race between Bob Dole and Bill Clinton so much as the 1995 and early 1996 primary, largely Republican, process. Woodward had excellent access to several Republican presidential candidates and potential candidates, including the eventual nominee Bob Dole. That access allows him to talk about the invisible and actual primary on the Republican side. Dole was the successful front-runner, but other featured candidates and almost-candidates are Texas Senator Phil Gramm, businessman and flat tax advocate Steve Forbes, former Nixon-staffer Pat Buchanan, former Education Secretary and Tennessee Governor Lamar Alexander, former Defense Secretary Dick Cheney, California Governor Pete Wilson, and former General Colin Powell. Other candidates in the field get little to no attention, such as Arlen Specter, Alan Keyes, and Richard Lugar. Dole ran the primary from his perch as Senate Majority Leader, raising big money and big endorsements. In hindsight, his nomination seems certain but he had many challenges along the way including an inability to articulate a message, concerns he was not conservative enough, and a major insurgency by Steve Forbes (the Herman Cain of 1996). On the Democratic side, the big story is infighting among senior Clinton aides such as George Stephanopoulos and Dick Morris. The major innovation of the Clinton campaign was to raise early money and use the Democratic National Committee to fund a barrage of ads defining Dole and Gingrich early in 1995 and 1996. Woodward charts all this in great detail with great access. Some of the discussion is self-serving to those who provided the insight, but overall the book presents both sides of complicated issues and discussions. Unfortunately, the book ends rather abruptly when Dole resigned from the Senate just before selecting his running mate. 1996 was an interesting race. Dole was the last WWII veteran to run for President and was also in the odd position of having to work with the President he was challenging on a daily basis as Senate Majority Leader. He took his responsibilities seriously, backing Clinton on foreign policy issues and working to strike budget deals despite his political interest in seeing Clinton fail. It was a different time to be sure. The friendship Dole and Clinton developed in joint appearances following Clinton's presidency becomes apparent towards the end of the book, when Dole makes a major effort to seek Clinton's forgiveness for a perceived personal offense. This book is worth reading, if only to show how different the Republican Primary process is today and how the presidency was pursued in one particular cycle. <N> "We have a media society looking for sound bites," Dr. Houston said. "That gets to the skin but not to the muscle or the heart of anything." She has spent over three decades as a researcher in psychology and in what she calls human potential, the idea that most human beings could live more intensely. "He's confusing the fringe with the frontier," Dr. Houston said of Mr. Woodward. "My whole life has been devoted to pushing the membrane of the possible, to push the boundaries of human capacity." When she speaks of reincarnation, for example, she said today, she does not literally mean the reappearance of dead people in different bodies but the idea that the myths and stories of previous generations have a timeless relevance and in that sense re-emerge in experiences of modern generations. She says she uses "dreamworlds" and altered states to bring out human capacities. Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. Dr. Houston was born in Brooklyn, the daughter of Jack Houston, a comedy writer who wrote gags for Bob Hope, George Burns and Henny Youngman. Her father wrote 350 jokes for Mr. Youngman and sold them for $175 to pay for the incubator that kept Dr. Houston alive after she was born prematurely. Because of the itinerant life of her father, Dr. Houston attended some 20 schools, including New York City's High School for the Performing Arts. She says she graduated from Barnard and has a doctorate in the philosophy of religion from a joint program run by Columbia University and Union Theological Seminary and a second doctorate in psychology from Union Institute in Cincinnati. Dr. Huston's husband and colleague of 31 years, Dr. Robert E.L. Masters, said his wife used a technique for stimulating fresh approaches to problems by pretending to conduct a dialogue with an expert in a particular field, even one who is dead. "Say if I want to solve a particular problem in physics, you get an image of Einstein or someone like that and dialogue with them," Dr. Masters said. "You don't have any thought that you're talking to Einstein. It's just a creative thinking technique. They didn't hold seances or raise the dead." It was that technique, Dr. Houston said, that Mrs. Clinton used during her work on the book. Dr. Houston said she was introduced to Mrs. Clinton through a friend, then was invited to Camp David and then spent five to six days at a time at the White House helping Mrs Clinton write her book about children. Dr. Houston said that Mrs. Clinton would never engage in spiritualism because she is "a very committed Christian" and a "serious, reflective and prayerful" woman. <N> Sneed: 108 could be the Cubs magic number this year Grant DePorter, displaying a ball from the Cubs' losing effort in the 1945 World Series, has crunched the numbers on the Cubs' chances this year. | Sun-Times library Follow @sneedlings Holy mackerel! Is it magic mojo time? Is 108 the Cubs lucky number? Pull up a lawn chair. Sports impresario Grant DePorter, who blew up the infamous Bartman Ball in 2004 in hopes of killing the legendary Cubs curse, claims the number 108 is the reason the Cubs are destined to win the World Series this year. Its a curse destroyer, he told Sneed. I have never seen more signs in my life. Everything is pointing at 108, said DePorter, who wrote a 2008 book titled Hoodoo: Unraveling the 100 Year Mystery of the Chicago Cubs. Examples are everywhere. And its not just because the Cubs havent won the World Series in 108 years since their 1908 pennant win. So loosen up and hear DePorters data: OPINION  There are 108 stitches in a baseball, designed by the Cubs first manager and ace pitcher A.G. Spalding, whose Chicago office was originally located at 108 W. Madison Street.  The left and right field corners at Wrigley Field  are 108 meters from home plate.  The Ricketts family, which owns the Cubs, has located their main business  TD Ameritrade  on 108th street in Omaha, Nebraska.  The number 108 is a sacred number in yoga. and Cubs pitcher Jake Arrieta does yoga 6 days a week.  Cubs win the World Series in the 1990 J.J. Abrams film Taking Care of Business, which is 108 minutes long.  Cubs win the World Series in the 1989 film Back To The Future Part II, which is 108 minutes long.  On 10/8 in 1945 Billy Goat Tavern owner William Sianis, who placed a curse on the Cubs for not letting his goat enter Wrigley Field, sent Cubs owner P.K. Wrigley a telegram stating, Who smells now? after a Cubs loss.  Wrigley Field was built on land that once housed a church and a seminary, and 108 is considered a holy number in many religions.  The Emil Verban Society is named after a three-season player with the Cubs, whose batting average in his last season in 1950 with the team was only .108. Hey, the last time the Cubs won a World Series game was 10/8 in 1945, chirped DePorter, who also reminded Sneed that the distance between the Sun and Earth is 108 times the diameter for the Sun, and the distance between the moon and Earth is 108 times the diameter of the moon . . . yikes! Sneeds favorite: Cubs manager Joe Maddons mantra for the World Series favorite Cubbies is Try not to suck. And, if you didnt know this already, Hindu mantras are traditionally repeated 108 times, said DePorter, who has also selected pop band The Plain White Ts who have recorded 108 songs  to play at Harry Carays eatery at the Cubs early morning rally on Oct. 4 with Cubs Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg. Imagine that. Play ball! Sneedlings . . . Congrats to United Airlines Director/Managing Director Government Affairs Margaret Houlihan and Loyola University Rev. Michael J. Garanzini on winning the Rerum Novarum Business and Government Public Service Awards, in that order, by Saint Johns Seminary . . . Todays birthdays: Bruce Springsteen, 67; Jermaine Dupri, 44, and Julio Iglesias, 73. <N> How Many Stitches Does A Baseball Have? One of the most common questions Ive received throughout the years is, How many stitches does a baseball have? Not that it really matters when it comes down to it, but if its reasonable for some statistics junkies to wonder how many times Sid Bream tied his shoe on second base during the 1991 season, why not the number of stitches in a baseball? There are 108 double stitches on a baseball. The first and last stitches are completely hidden. They are sewn by hand, using 88 inches of waxed red thread per baseball. Amazing, isnt it?! Another question I often get is, What baseball do you recommend for my youth baseball team? The answer is that every manufacturer of baseballs makes great, good, and junk. The reality is that if you are buying game balls for your league, make sure it has the stamp of that league, which means that it meets technical specifications set by that organization. This information is also generally found in coachs paperwork and league information. Baseballs Have Gotten Expensive Baseballs can be a bit tricky as every major and minor brand produces these in various qualities and prices. A good box of balls will be between $30 and $40 per dozen. If they cost less, you may want to make these your practice balls. When considering which baseballs to purchase: Cover first. If its not leather, theres no reason to own it. Its junkperiod. Though most balls are the official 9 diameter and 5 oz. weight, double check before purchasing. Ball Construction. If it is labeled as one-piece construction, you will likely want to pass. Cushioned cork center or similar wording is a good thing. Wool windings are another good buzz word. Higher end balls will even include multiple wool windings, all of which makes a great ball. Seams are usually waxed string, though some of the leather pitching machine balls now have kevlar laces with low seams. Misc Baseball Tips For wheel-type pitching machines, low seams are desirable as they allow the ball to fly straighter, while the kevlar laces will not rupture from the high-speed wheels that propel the baseball. Dont count on discounts on baseballs. If they are too cheap, they may be lousy. Frankly, theres very little profit in baseballs and softballs. Most local sporting goods dealers have to buy huge quantities to receive a decent price. These monster purchases might sit on a pallet in their warehouses for months on end before being sold to you by the dozen. No Name may be no problem. There are many boutique brands that you might not have heard of. Consider them the same way you would any other with the tips above. Sometimes they are owned by a major ball company, and sold with even slimmer profit margins. Our No-Name-Brand Practice Baseballs work for me. My ball club hits them in just as much dirt and mud as your team and I am not going to pay the big bucks for practice baseballs. Dont forget to count the stitches yourself with baseballs at Baseballtips.com! <N> Evolution of Baseball Equipment  19th Century Baseball Makers, Manufacturers & Retailers  A.G. Spalding & Bros. - 1876 - 1978 Factory in Hastings, MI 1876 - 1880: 118 Randolph Street, Chicago, IL 1881- 1884 Address: 108 Madison Street, Chicago, IL 1885 Addresses: 108 Madison Street, Chicago, IL, 241 Broadway, New York 1890 Addresses: 108 Madison Street, Chicago, IL, 241 Broadway, New York 1022 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA., 38 Holborn Viaduct, London 1890 Addresses: 108 Madison Street, Chicago, IL, 241 & 243 Broadway, New York 1032 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA., Englewood, IL 1895 Addresses: 126 - 130 Nassau Street, New York 147 - 149 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, IL 1216 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 1897: Added a location in Washington References: The Spalding League ball and then renamed the Official League Ball Official ball of the National League of Professional Base Ball Clubs - 1878-1891, 1900 Official ball of the National League and American Association of Professional Base Ball Clubs - 1892-1899 Official ball of the Northwestern League - 1883-1887 Official ball of the American College Association - 1884-1888 Official ball of the Western League - 1884-1887 Official ball of the Oil and Iron League - 1884 Official ball of the Western College Association - 1884-1885 Official ball of the Louisiana State Association - 1884 Official ball of the New England League - 1885-1888 Official ball of the New York State League - 1885 Official ball of the Northwestern College Association - 1886-1888 Official ball of the New York Inter-State College Association - 1886-1888 Official ball of the International League - 1886-1888 Official ball of the Eastern League - 1886-1888 Official ball of the Western Association - 1888 Official ball of the Ohio League - 1888 Official ball of the Central League - 1888 Spalding Baseball Models 1876-1877 Spalding League Ball Spalding Professional Dead Ball Spalding Amateur Dead Ball 1878-1879 Spalding's League Ball Spalding's Professional Dead Ball - Red or White Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball - Red or White Spalding's American Club Spalding's King of the Diamond Spalding's Grand Duke Spalding's Boy's Favorite Spalding's Eurekas Spalding's Rattler Spalding's The Boss Spalding's Nickel Ball 1880-82 Spalding's Official League Ball Spalding's Professional Dead Ball - Red or White Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball - Red or White Spalding's American Club Spalding's King of the Diamond Spalding's Grand Duke Spalding's Boy's Favorite Spalding's Eurekas Spalding's Rattler Spalding's The Boss Spalding's Nickel Ball 1883 Spalding's Official League Ball Spalding's Professional Dead Ball - Red or White Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball - Red or White Spalding's American Club, White. Spalding's King of the Diamond, White. Spalding's Grand Duke, White. Spalding's Boy's Favorite, White. Spalding's Eureka, White. Spalding's Rattler, White. Spalding's The Boss, White. Spalding's Nickel Ball 1884 Spalding's Official League Ball 1885 Spalding's Official League Ball Spalding's Association Ball (The Reach American Association Ball with A.G. Spalding Bros. stamp) Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, white (Cover made of selected horsehide) Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, red (Cover made of selected horsehide) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, white (Horsehide cover) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, red (Horsehide cover) Spalding's Amateur Lively Ball, white (Horsehide cover) Spalding's American Club, white. (Horsehide cover) Spalding's King of the Diamond, white. (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Grand Duke, white. (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Boy's Favorite, white. (Regulation size and weight) Spalding's Eureka, white. (Slightly under regulation size and weight) Spalding's Rattler, white. (Size 8 5/8 inches, weight 4 oz.) Spalding's Nickel Ball, white (Size 7 inches, weight 3 oz.) 1886 Spalding's Official League Ball Spalding's Association Ball (The Reach American Association Ball with A.G. Spalding Bros. stamp) Spalding's Boys' League Ball (Slightly smaller than the Official League Ball) Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, white (Cover made of selected horsehide) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, white (Horsehide cover) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, red (Horsehide cover, white label) Spalding's Amateur Lively Ball, White (Horsehide cover) Spalding's King of the Diamond, white. (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Boy's Favorite, white. (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Rattler, white. (Size 8 5/8 inches, weight 4 oz) Spalding's Eureka, white. (Regulation size and weight) Spalding's Boss Ball (Size 7 inches, weight 3 oz.) 1887 Spalding's Official League Ball Spalding's Association Ball (The Reach American Association Ball with A.G. Spalding Bros. stamp) Spalding's Boys' League Ball (Slightly smaller than the Official League Ball) Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, white (Cover made of selected horsehide) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, white (Horsehide cover) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, red (Horsehide cover, white label) Spalding's King of the Diamond, white. (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Boy's Favorite, white. (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Junior League, white. (Slightly under regulation size) Spalding's Eureka, white. (Regulation size and weight) Spalding's Rattler, white. (Size 8 5/8 inches, weight 4 oz) 1888 Spalding's Official League Ball Spalding's Boys' League Ball (Slightly smaller than the Official League Ball) Spalding's Association Ball (The Reach American Association Ball with A.G. Spalding Bros. stamp) Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, white Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, White (Warranted horsehide cover) Spalding's Amateur Dead Ball, Red (Warranted horsehide cover) Spalding's Amateur Lively Ball, White (Horsehide cover, introduced in 1886) Spalding's King of the Diamond Ball (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Boys' Professional Ball, White (Similar to Spalding's Professional Dead Ball) Spalding's Boys' Favorite (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's League Junior (Slightly under regulation size) Spalding's Eureka, White. (Regulation size and weight) Spalding's Rattler Ball, White. (Size 8 5/8 inches, weight 4 oz) Spalding's Boys' Dead Spalding's Boss Ball (Size 7 inches, weight 3 oz.) 1889 Spalding's League Ball Spalding's Association Ball Spalding's Boy's League Ball Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, white Spalding's Professional Dead Ball, red Spalding's Amateur Lively Ball Spalding's King of the Diamond Ball (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's Boys' Professional Ball (Horsehide cover, slightly smaller than the Official League Ball) Spalding's Boys' Favorite (Horsehide cover, regulation size and weight) Spalding's League Junior (Horsehide cover, slightly under regulation size) Spalding's Eureka, white. (Regulation size and weight) Spalding's Rattler, white. (Nearly regulation size) Spalding's Boys' Dead (8-inch ball) Spalding's Boss Ball The Equipment Continued <N> I've read of people doing 108 Sun Salutations (Surya Namaskar A) at the time of the spring equinox. What is the significance of the number 108? Linda Burkard, Martinez, California Shiva Rea's Reply: The number's significance is open to interpretation. But 108 has long been considered a sacred number in Hinduism and yoga. Traditionally, malas, or garlands of prayer beads, come as a string of 108 beads (plus one for the "guru bead," around which the other 108 beads turn like the planets around the sun). A mala is used for counting as you repeat a mantramuch like the Catholic rosary. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Renowned mathematicians of Vedic culture viewed 108 as a number of the wholeness of existence. This number also connects the Sun, Moon, and Earth: The average distance of the Sun and the Moon to Earth is 108 times their respective diameters. Such phenomena have given rise to many examples of ritual significance. According to yogic tradition, there are 108 pithas, or sacred sites, throughout India. And there are also 108 Upanishads and 108 marma points, or sacred places of the body. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website And, yes, one can offer a yoga mala of 108 Sun Salutations. Please take a moment to visit www.globalmala.org for more information on the power of 108 and joining the "mala around the earth" to be formed by the worldwide yoga community on September 21 and 22 of 2007. ABOUT OUR EXPERT Shiva Rea is a leading teacher of prana vinyasa flow and yoga trance dance who teaches all over the world. She is a lifelong student of Tantra, Ayurveda, bhakti, hatha yoga, kalaripayat, Odissi dance, and yogic arts. <N> Jimmy Dworski(Jim Belushi) is a criminal serving the last 48 hours of a jail sentence. He wins a couple of baseball tickets by calling a radio quiz show. With help of other inmates, he escapes to go watch the game. When by chance he finds the Filofax of executive Spencer Barns(Charles Grodin) who loses it while traveling on a business weekend. Jimmy finds cash, credit cards and the key to a big mansion. He jumps on the opportunity and starts posing as Barns. While the real Barnes is trying to find his Filofax he gets in all sorts of trouble. How will things turn out when the two finally meet? Written by Sami Al-Taher <_EMAIL_> <N> CLAIM The 1987 film Back to the Future II correctly predicted that the Florida Marlins would win the 1997 World Series and that the Cubs would play Florida in the 2015 World Series. See Example( s ) EXAMPLES [Collected on the Internet, 1997] If any of you remember the movie "Back to the Future II" you will recall that Biff goes to the future and steals a Sports Almanac, where in turn he goes back to the past to give it to young Biff. As we all know Young Biff was able to become very wealthy by betting on games where he already knew the final score. In an obscure line you hear young Biff say "Florida is going to win the World Series in 1997, yeah right". This movie came out in 1987, ten years before the Marlins did actually win the world series. And what's really weird is that Florida didn't even have a baseball team in 1987. The Marlins didn't even exist at the time. Scary, huh? Hey, if anyone has a copy of "Back to the Future" or remembers the film, think back to when Michael J. Fox traveled to the future, and saw the huge billboard proclaiming: MIAMI WINS WORLD SERIES 1997 [Collected on the Internet, 2015] "Back to the Future II" predicted a Cubs World Series win? RATING ORIGIN As intriguing as it might be to believe so, the film Back to the Future Part 2, the 1989 sequel to the 1985s hit Back to the Future, made no prediction, correct or otherwise, about the results of the 1997 World Series. At the beginning of the film, time-travelling scientist Doc Brown takes Marty McFly forward in time to 21 October 2015 in an effort to alter the future and prevent Martys (as yet unborn) children from ending up in prison. While in the future year 2015, Marty watches a holographic sports news broadcast announcing that the Chicago Cubs have swept an unnamed Miami team (represented by a gator, not a marlin) to win the World Series. This broadcast inspires Marty to buy a sports almanac and take it back to the past with him so that he can make accurate bets on future sporting events, but the contents of the almanac are not revealed in the film. This rumor began to spread on the Internet in October 1997, immediately after the Florida Marlins (who are based in Miami) defeated the Cleveland Indians to win World Series, either started as a joke or spread by someone who inaccurately remembered the news broadcast scene described above. One version of the rumor has the character Biff, who ultimately ends up with the almanac, commenting on the 1997 entry (as described in the example above), but he actually makes no such statement in the film. In fact, it would make little sense for him to utter such a comment, since it is the 1955 Biff who looks through the almanac to use in placing bets. Hed be unlikely to look at the results of a World Series that would not take place for 42 years and utter, Yeah, right, as if the outcome described were improbable. (Nor would Marty be likely to see a billboard describing the results of the 1997 World Series in the year 2015.) The broadcast shown in the film merely poked some light-hearted fun at the ongoing futility of the Chicago Cubs, who hadnt played in a World Series since 1945 (or won a World Series since 1908): [T]he 1989 movie Back to the Future Part II predicted the Cubs would win the 2015 World Series, and the man who wrote the screenplay and imagined this unlikely scenario is Bob Gale, a lifelong St. Louis Cardinals fan. In a sport where players and fans believe in curses, jinxes and superstitions, maybe its not so crazy to think a movie has somehow spurred the Cubs to the brink of history. Back to the Future screenwriter Bob Gale predicted the Cubs would win the 2015 World Series but is a lifelong Cardinals fan. Gale said the prediction grew out of the plotline in which primary character Marty McFly, famously played by Michael J. Fox, gets the idea from another character of going back in time to make money on sports betting. What better way to give him the idea than with a really outrageous scenario, which is the Cubs win the World Series? Gale said. Its a double joke because they win the World Series against Miami  which [didnt have] major league baseball in 1989. Predicting in 1989 (which is when the film was actually released, not 1987 as claimed) that Miami would have a major league baseball team in 2015 wasnt much of a stretch, as they were one of the largest metropolitan areas in the USA without a baseball team in 1989, and they were indeed awarded an expansion franchise just two years later. With the Cubs approaching within a game of capturing the 2003 National League pennant in a series against the Florida Marlins, this rumor surfaced again, updated with the claim that Back to the Future II somehow predicted a Cubs victory over Florida in 2003. The film makes no reference to the year 2003 whatsoever, and the only information presented about a Cubs series victory applies to the year 2015. This latter form of the rumor resurfaced in October 2015, when the Cubs reached the National League Championship Series (NLCS), and again in October 2016, when the Cubs finally reached the World Series for the first time in 71 years (against the Cleveland Indians). The 2016 version had no relevance, but the former iteration was quite intriguing, as Back to the Future II is set in 2015 and includes a scene in which Marty McFly views a holographic news broadcast announcing that the Cubs have defeated Miami to win that years World Series: But in real life the Cubs werent pennant winners in 2015 (they lost the NLDS to the New York Mets), and even they had reached the World Series that year, they wouldnt have been matched up against a Florida team in the Fall Classic (since the Marlins and Cubs are both National League teams, and the Tampa Bay Rays werent in the playoffs). <N> Before there was a Wrigley, there was a seminary The property bounded by Clark, Waveland, Sheffield and Addison was home to the Chicago Lutheran Theological Seminary The land  sandy, dotted with a few trees and prone to flooding  was originally owned by developer Joseph Sheffield, who bought it around 1851, according to Ed Hartig, a Cubs historian who has written for the Cubs fan magazine Vine Line for 18 years. The property bounded by Clark, Waveland, Sheffield and Addison was home to the Chicago Lutheran Theological Seminary. Before Clark and Addison became synonymous with the Cubs, that patch of earth was God's country. Literally. A 1914 postcard of the recently opened Weeghman Park. Eliza Hall of the Chicago Lutheran Theological Seminary can be seen abutting the left field fence. (Wikimedia Commons photo) The property eventually wound up in the hands of Lutheran minister William Passavant  how exactly is not certain  and Hartig said that by the late 1860s Passavant was talking about building a seminary there. By 1874, St. Mark's Lutheran Church had been constructed on the land. The small chapel served as the birthplace of the seminary until the school opened officially on Oct. 1, 1891, with six students. The first seminary building was a home for the Rev. Revere Franklin Weidner, a professor at the school. In 1893, Eliza Hall opened with classrooms and a dormitory. And in 1899, two double houses were built for professors. But as the seminary grew, so did the neighborhood. "I get the impression it was pretty bucolic when the seminary opened, yet grew up and became a little too busy, noisy and dirty in the ensuing years," said Stuart Shea, author of the just-released "Wrigley Field: The Long Life and Contentious Times of the Friendly Confines.". In 1909, the seminary bought adjoining land to give itself a buffer from the encroaching neighborhood. That brought the property to 8 acres, according to "Passavant's Vision: A History of the Chicago Lutheran Theological Seminary, 1891-1951," by Marjory R. Weng. But it didn't solve the problem, and the seminary vacated the property in 1910, moving to Maywood and later merging with other seminaries to form the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago, which is now on East 55th Street. By the early 1900s, baseball was flourishing in Chicago. The major leagues were represented by the Cubs on the West Side and White Sox on the South, and amateur and semi-pro teams were everywhere. The seminary property was prime territory. Hartig said there were talks as early as 1905 about putting a minor league team in Chicago. The man behind it was Charles Havenor, who owned a minor-league American Association team in Milwaukee. "If you read the old Sporting Lifes," Hartig said, "You read, 'I'm real close, I have my eye on the property.'" Havenor paid a reported $175,000 for the property. A Tribune article on June 20, 1909, detailed the sale and what it meant: "This property is considered the best vacant location in Chicago for a baseball park," wrote Harvey Woodruff, "and the purchase on its face appears to portend the entrance of an American Association club into this city." But because the American Association was part of organized baseball, it couldn't move a team into Chicago without consent of the local major league owners. When the Cubs and Sox found out about Havenor's plans, they refused to grant permission. <N> CLAIM Donald Trump's father was arrested following a Ku Klux Klan-related altercation in 1927. RATING WHAT'S TRUE A 1927 New York Times article named Fred Trump among the individuals arrested after a "near-riot" involving the KKK and New York City policemen at a "Memorial parade." WHAT'S FALSE The article did not document that Fred Trump was a KKK member or supporter, or that he was charged with a crime in connection with the KKK event. ORIGIN On 9 September 2015 the BoingBoing web site published an article that referenced an archived New York Times piece from 1927, one which reported that President Donald Trumps father, Fred Trump had been arrested in connection with a KKK event: According to a New York Times article published in June 1927, a man with the name and address of Donald Trumps father was arraigned after Klan members attacked cops in Queens, N.Y. In 1927, Donald Trumps father would have been 21 years old, and not yet a well-known figure. Multiple sources report his residence at the time  and throughout his life  at the same address. To be clear, this is not proof that Trump senior  who would later go on to become a millionaire real estate developer  was a member of the Ku Klux Klan or even in attendance at the event. Despite sharing lawyers with the other men, its conceivable that he may have been an innocent bystander, falsely named, or otherwise the victim of mistaken identity during or following a chaotic event. A person answering calls at the N.Y.C. Police Departments Records Section said that arrest reports dating that far back were not available in any form. BoingBoing included a copy of the New York Times article, with the source material available behind a paywall on the New York Times web-based archive. That article reported a May 1927 free-for-all battle involving 100 policemen and 1,000 Klansmen in Jamaica, Queens: The elder Trumps name appeared once in the article, at the end of a portion headed Prisoners are Arraigned. Details about charges filed against other individuals were included, but Trump was simply said to have been discharged (with no further information about his overall involvement or lack thereof): As BoingBoing stated, the information available in the article made it difficult to figure out whether Trumps father was directly involved in the melee or was simply a bystander who coincidentally found himself in the wrong place at the wrong time. Other persons were charged with various infractions ranging from felonious assault to disorderly behavior, but Trump wasnt mentioned as having been cited for even minor criminal charges. According to BoingBoing, New York City no longer holds any information about arrests dating as far back as 1927, making it impossible to independently verify the original Times report. On 22 September 2015, the New York Times published an interview with Donald Trump, a transcript of which was prefaced with the following: Mr. Trumps barrage of answers  his sudden denial of a fact he had moments before confirmed; his repeatedly noting that no charges were filed against his father in connection with the incident he had just repeatedly denied; and his denigration of the news organization that brought the incident to light as a little website  shows his pasta-against-the-wall approach to beating down inconvenient story lines. That interview also included the following exchange on the subject of Fred Trumps arrest: Q. Have you seen this story about police arresting a Fred Trump who lived at that Devonshire address in 1927 after a Ku Klux Klan rally turned violent? A. Totally false. We lived on Wareham. The Devonshire  I know there is a road Devonshire but I dont think my father ever lived on Devonshire. Q. The Census shows that he lived there with your mother there. But regardless, you never heard about that story? A. It never happened. And by the way, I saw that it was one little website that said it. It never happened. And they said there were no charges, no nothing. Its unfair to mention it, to be honest, because there were no charges. They said there were charges against other people, but there were absolutely no charges, totally false  Somebody showed me that website  it was a little website and somebody did that. By the way, did you notice that there were no charges? Well, if there are no charges that means it shouldnt be mentioned  Because my father, there were no charges against him, I dont know about the other people involved. But there were zero charges against him. So assuming it was him  I dont even think it was him, I never even heard about it. So its really not fair to mention. It never happened. The author of the piece wrote that Trump revisited the topic unprompted, interjecting to say that: And by the way, my father was not involved, was never charged and I never even heard this before. What? It comes out on a website and you are going to write it on The New York Times? It shouldnt be written because it never happened, No. 1. And No. 2, there was nobody charged. While its possible the elder Trump attended the event along with KKK supporters and Klansmen, its also possible he was minding his own business in his own neighborhood and got swept up by police after unknowingly finding himself in the middle of an enormous brawl. <N> 1927 news report: Donald Trump's dad arrested in KKK brawl with cops According to a New York Times article published in June 1927, a man with the name and address of Donald Trump's father was arraigned after Klan members attacked cops in Queens, N.Y. In an article subtitled "Klan assails policeman", Fred Trump is named in among those taken in during a late May "battle" in which "1,000 Klansmen and 100 policemen staged a free-for-all." At least two officers were hurt during the event, after which the Klan's activities were denounced by the city's Police Commissioner, Joseph A. Warren. The Klan not only wore gowns, but had hoods over their faces almost completely hiding their identity, Warren was quoted as saying in the article, which goes on to identify seven men arrested in the near-riot of the parade. Named alongside Trump are John E Kapp and John Marcy (charged with felonious assault in the attack on Patrolman William O'Neill and Sgt. William Lockyear), Fred Lyons, Thomas Caroll, Thomas Erwin, and Harry J Free. They were arraigned in Jamaica, N.Y. All seven were represented by the same lawyers, according to the article. The final entry on the list reads: Fred Trump of 175-24 Devonshire Road, Jamaica, was discharged. In 1927, Donald Trump's father would have been 21 years old, and not yet a well-known figure. Multiple sources report his residence at the timeand throughout his lifeat the same address. To be clear, this is not proof that Trump seniorwho would later go on to become a millionaire real estate developerwas a member of the Ku Klux Klan or even in attendance at the event. Despite sharing lawyers with the other men, it's conceivable that he may have been an innocent bystander, falsely named, or otherwise the victim of mistaken identity during or following a chaotic event. The name of Trump's grandfather, Friedrich Drumpf, was anglicized to Frederick Trump, but he died several years before the report. A person answering calls at the N.Y.C. Police Department's Records Section said that arrest reports dating that far back were not available in any form. We've sent a formal request in writing and will update if and when we receive a response. We've also left a message with the Trump Campaign requesting a callback. The article, published on June 1, 1927, describes police frustration at rowdy parades, the Klan's use of masks, and its growing presence in New York City. The Klan, originally founded in the 19th century, was reborn in 1915 as a violent supremacist organization associated with lynchings, white nationalism, and the distinctive white robes and hoods used by Klansmen to conceal their identity at parades and other events. At its mid-1920s peak, it had up to 6m members, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. Fred Trump, who died in 1999, was a New York real estate developer and the father of mogul and presidential candidate Donald Trump. Born in the Bronx to German immigrants, Fred became a real estate developer in his teens; at about the time of his apparent arrest, he was constructing single-family houses in Queens, according to his obituary in the Times. At his death, his net worth was estimated at between $250m and $300m. A savvy businessman and real estate developer, his wealth enabled the junior Trump to start big. If the man arrested at the riotous Klan parade was indeed Donald's father, it would not be his last tangle with the law over issues concerning minorities. A 1979 article, published by Village Voice, reported on a civil rights suit that alleged that the Trumps refused to rent to black home-seekers, and quotes a rental agent who said Fred Trump instructed him not to rent to blacks and to encourage existing black tenants to leave. The case was settled in a 1975 consent degree described as "one of the most far-reaching ever negotiated," but the Justice Department subsequently complained that continuing "racially discriminatory conduct by Trump agents has occurred with such frequency that it has created a substantial impediment to the full enjoyment of equal opportunity." Donald Trump has made nativism a pillar of his campaign, describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and two Boston men who beat a homeless immigrant as "passionate" fans. The events described in the Times' article took place 22 years before Donald Trump was even born, and hes not responsible for any youthful sins his father may have committed. But given the racially-charged tone of the younger Trump's campaign, it raises questions about the values he was taught by the man whose fortune he inherited. Archive link (requires subscription) [New York Times] Rob Beschizza contributed to this report <N> Donald Trump  tycoon, TV personality, and Republican front-runner  has been long preoccupied with putting his name on things. A Sept. 3 profile in Bloomberg Businessweek described the teenage Trump attending a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge back in 1964. When no one mentioned the designers name at the ceremony, Trump learned his lesson: I realized then and there something I would never forget, he told The New York Times in 1980 regarding the incident. I dont want to be made anybodys sucker. From then on, Trump has placed his name front and center. Thanks to his July financial disclosure, we can tally the results of that effort. Of his current holdings  515 entities  more than half bear his name, including Trump Ice (bottled water), Trump Classic Cars, Trump Drinks Israel, Trump Education, Trump Identity, Trump Marks Fine Foods, Trump Marks Mattress (recently dropped by Serta), Trump Marks Mortgage Corp., Trump Follies, and Trump on the Ocean. We hear Trump so often as a brand that were almost desensitized to it, the name or the word. But its highly ambivalent history and connotations spill over into how we understand Trump the person, too  and may even have something to do with how Trump got so very Trumpian. Trumps German wine-growing ancestors were named Drumpf, according to journalist Gwenda Blairs book The Trumps: Three Generations That Built An Empire. The family changed the name at some point during the Thirty Years War. America was first introduced to the Trump brand, however, by Donalds father, Fred C. Trump, who named his real estate company and supermarket chains Trump and drove a navy blue Cadillac with FCT license plates. Advertisement Donald, though, took name-branding to a 5-foot-tall, shiny-brass-letters, next level. I put my name on something when I really feel that it is going to be right, Trump said at a 1989 news conference to announce the launch of Trump Shuttle. (Of course, Trump Shuttle was one of Trumps great flops, along with Trump Vodka, Trump Steaks, Trump: The Game, and Trump University, embroiled in multiple fraud lawsuits and now called the Trump Entrepreneur Initiative.) Get Arguable in your inbox: Jeff Jacoby on everything from politics to pet peeves to the passions of the day. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Weve become so accustomed to the Trump brand that its hard to imagine The Donald by any other name. Yet, had he been born Donald Drumpf, his path might have been quite different. Trump, according to Laurel Sutton at the Catchword naming agency, is an unusual name, . . . a single-word name, which sounds very grounded, very firm. Its not a multisyllabic Romance-type name, which makes it more masculine-sounding. Theres something about the p at the end, the plosive, added naming and branding expert Nancy Friedman, whereas Drumpf sounds almost comical in English. That pf combination is tough for English speakers and dr doesnt have the same effect on the ear as tr. Its not as sharp, it sounds like drug and drop.  Thats not merely an aesthetic problem if youre trying to sell luxury hotels  or yourself as a presidential candidate. A 2012 study published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology found that people with easily pronounceable names were judged to be more likeable. How it sounds isnt the only aspect of naming that matters when judging a person. The meaning is important, too, notes one of the studys coauthors, Adam Alter, a psychologist at New York Universitys Stern School of Business. Were sensitive to associations  positive and negative  between any two concept, Alter said. The effect is probably small, but its automatic and were unlikely to be able to avoid it completely when we consider people by their names. Advertisement The name Trump carries a range of strong associations, veering on being an aptonym  a name whose definition is uniquely appropriate for someones profession, like urologist (specializing in vasectomies) Dr. Richard Chopp or the late Filipino Cardinal (Jaime) Sin. As Alter points out, the word implies victory and dominance. The trump card in bridge and other card games is a card of a suit that temporarily ranks above any other and is derived from triumph, a name for an early card game. Underneath that confident note theres also the golden blare of trumpet: Tharfor trump vp, blaw furth thyne eloquens, as the OED quotes a 16th-century translation of the Aeneid. Trump himself may derive confidence from these strong, positive meanings to trumpet forth his own eloquence, Alter suggests  although he added, Of course the effect of [Trumps] name is likely to be far weaker than the effects of his inherited wealth and self-assured personality. Then again, the verb trump also once meant to fabricate or deceive (from French tromper). The phrase to trump up still means forge or invent, as in trumped-up charges or the many, many headlines punning on Trumped-up rhetoric or Trumped-up politics. If last weeks Washington Post report suggesting that Trump is a compulsive golf cheat is any measure  the worst celebrity golf cheat, according to Alice Cooper  this definition of trump may be as essential to Trumps identity as the other. Britt Peterson is an Ideas columnist. She lives in Washington, D.C. Follow her on Twitter @brittkpeterson. Related:  Michael A. Cohen: Were just living in Trumps world  Jeff Jacoby: Trump is not a champion of the little guy  Q&A: Vote all you want. The secret government wont change. Advertisement  Joan Vennochi: GOP debate reveals the real Trump  Editorial: A round of applause for standing up to Trump <N> Photo I dont have a lot to add to the story of Donald Trump, his slander against Mexican immigrants and the ensuing self-induced immolation of his media empire, except to note that what we have here is a classic American immigrant story. It is a tale of first- and second-generation strivers using their gumption and grit to give their descendants the opportunity to dream big and become whatever they choose in America  even candidates for president, maybe, or embarrassing publicity-hungry blowhards, an affront to everything their ancestors stood for. Or, in Donald Trumps case, all those things at once. His father, Fred Trump, was a developer who built tens of thousands of affordable apartments in the 1950s and 60s for the working-class residents of Brooklyn and Queens. He was known for sober management, thriftiness and humble dedication to his work. When he died in 1999, age 93, his obituary in The Times noted that he mixed his own floor-cleaning chemicals. Freds father was a German immigrant  Friedrich Drumpf  who was an innkeeper in the Yukon gold rush. Somehow their seed sprouted into Donald Trump, crash-and-burn casino mogul, perennial bankruptcy-emerger, media monstrosity and now Republican candidate for president, running for president to protect America from a Mexican-border flood of drug smugglers and rapists. Those words are his. Some Mexicans are returning the insult, buying Donald Trump piatas. While Mr. Trump has doubled down on his racist slanders against hypothetical rapists, some readers may remember his strange defense of an actual rapist, his old friend Mike Tyson. In 1992 Mr. Trump urged prosecutors in Indiana, where Mr. Tyson had been charged with raping a beauty-pageant contestant, to let him buy his way out of prison for a few million dollars. The offer was declined; Mr. Tyson was convicted and sentenced to six years. It seems fair at this point  even essential  to note that Mr. Trump is far from alone as an immigrant-hostile Republican running for president. The dominating message from the ever-widening field of G.O.P. candidates is that what the country needs most, now, is to lock down the border and overturn President Obamas executive actions on immigration reform. Listening to Republicans talk on this subject is like being stuck in a bar with the same cruddy cover band that never, ever learns a new song. I wonder how long they will let Mr. Trump remain out front, screaming his head off. <N> Amidst the national uproar that Donald Trump is creating over where US President Barack Obama was born (Trump said he believes Obama was really born in Kenya, which would make him ineligible to occupy the White House), there are some interesting elements from Trumps own ancestry. For one thing, Trump is not his real name. The Donalds grandfather was a German immigrant named Frederick Drumpf who emigrated to the U.S. in 1885 and became a naturalized citizen in 1892. At some point, he started calling himself Frederick Trump, but it is unclear if he ever changed his name officially. Some have speculated that he didnt want to be known as Drumpf because of prevailing prejudice against Germans (which would heighten, of course, during World War I). Frederick (or more appropriately, Friedrich) returned to his native Kallstadt in Germanys Rheinland to marry Elisabeth Christ in 1902. Drumpf returned to the U.S, and settled in Queens, N.Y. He would die in 1918 during the Spanish Flu epidemic. Of course, his grandson would attain incredible wealth and global fame under the name Trump. Trump is an actual name, it is of English origin and according to linguistic sources it is a metonymic occupational name for a trumpeter, from Middle English trumpe [trumpet]. Quite appropriate for someone who likes blowing his own horn. <N> Take a look at Donald Trump's family tree and you'll discover that he, like many Americans, had a parent who was an immigrant. Trump was born in New York City, the city where his Scottish mother met and married his father, himself the child of immigrants from Germany. Donald Trump was the fourth of five children born to Frederick Christ and Mary MacLeod Trump. The future president was born in the borough of Queens in New York City on June 14, 1946. He learned the real-estate business from his father, who took over the family construction business at the age of 13 when Frederick's father (Donald's grandfather) died in the influenza epidemic of 1918. Friederich Trump, Donald Trump's grandfather, immigrated from Germany in 1885. Like his future grandson, Friederich Trump was an entrepreneur. Before settling in New York City and starting his family, he sought his fortune during the Klondike Gold Rush in the late 1890s, where for a time he operated the Arctic Restaurant and Hotel in Bennett, British Columbia. Want to discover more about Donald Trump's family tree? Read on! The following family tree was compiled using the ahnentafel genealogical numbering system. First Generation 1. Donald John Trump was born on June 14, 1946, in New York City. Donald John Trump and Ivana Zelnickova Winklmayr were married on April 7, 1977, in New York City. They divorced on March 22, 1992. They had the following children: Donald Trump Jr. was born on Dec. 31, 1977, in New York City. He is married to Vanessa Kay Haydon. They have five children: Chloe Sophia Trump, Kai Madison Trump, Tristan Milos Trump, Donald Trump III, and Spencer Frederick Trump. Ivanka Trump was born on Oct. 30, 1981, in New York City. She is married to Jared Corey Kushner, with whom she has three children: Arabella Rose Kushner, Joseph Frederick Kushner, and Theodore James Kushner. Eric Trump was born on Jan. 6, 1984, in New York City. He is married to Lara Lea Yunaska. Donald Trump and Marla Maples were married on Dec. 20, 1993, in New York City. They divorced on June 8, 1999. They had one child: Tiffany Trump was born on Oct. 13, 1993, in West Palm Beach, Florida. Donald Trump married Melania Knauss (born Melanija Knavs) on Jan. 22, 2005, in Palm Beach, Florida. They have one child: Barron William Trump was born on March 20, 2006, in New York City. Second Generation (Parents) 2. Frederick Christ (Fred) Trump was born on Oct. 11, 1905, in New York City. He died on June 25, 1999, in New Hyde Park, New York. 3. Mary Anne MacLeod was born on May 10, 1912, in Isle of Lewis, Scotland. She died on Aug. 7, 2000, in New Hyde Park, New York. Fred Trump and Mary MacLeod were married in January 1936 in New York City. They had the following children: i. Mary Anne Trump was born on April 5, 1937, in New York City. ii. Fred Trump Jr. was born in 1938 in New York City and died in 1981. iii. Elizabeth Trump was born in 1942 in New York City. 1. iv. Donald John Trump v. Robert Trump was born in August 1948 in New York City. Third Generation (Grandparents) 4. Friederich (Fred) Trump was born on March 14, 1869, in Kallstadt, Germany. He immigrated in 1885 to the United States from Hamburg, Germany, aboard the ship Eider and became a U.S. citizen in 1892 in Seattle. He died on March 30, 1918, in New York City. 5. Elizabeth Christ was born on Oct. 10, 1880, in Kallstadt, Germany, and died on June 6, 1966, in New York City. Fred Trump and Elizabeth Christ were married on Aug. 26, 1902, in Kallstadt, Germany. Fred and Elizabeth had the following children: i. Elizabeth (Betty) Trump was born on April 30, 1904, in New York City and died on Dec. 3, 1961, in New York City. 2 ii. Frederick Christ (Fred) Trump iii. John George Trump was born on Aug. 21, 1907, in New York City and died on Feb. 21, 1985, in Boston. 6. Malcolm MacLeod was born Dec. 27, 1866, in Stornoway, Scotland, to two MacLeods, Alexander and Anne. He was a fisherman and crofter and also served as the compulsory officer in charge of enforcing attendance at the local school from 1919. He died on June 22, 1954, in Tong, Scotland. 7. Mary Smith was born on July 11, 1867, in Tong, Scotland, to Donald Smith and Henrietta McSwane. Her father died when she was just a little over a year old, and she and her three siblings were raised by their mother. Mary died Dec. 27, 1963. Malcolm MacLeod and Mary Smith were married in the Back Free Church of Scotland just a few miles from Stornoway, the only town on the Isle of Lewis in Scotland. Their marriage was witnessed by Murdo MacLeod and Peter Smith. Malcolm and Mary had the following children: i. Malcolm M. MacLeod Jr. was born Sept. 23, 1891, in Tong, Scotland, and died Jan. 20, 1983, on Lopez Island, Washington. ii. Donald MacLeod was born about 1894. iii. Christina MacLeod was born about 1896. iv. Katie Ann MacLeod was born about 1898. v. William MacLeod was born about 1898. vi. Annie MacLeod was born about 1900. vii. Catherine MacLeod was born about 1901. viii. Mary Johann MacLeod was born about 1905. ix. Alexander MacLeod was born about 1909. 3. x. Mary Anne MacLeod Fourth Generation (Great-Grandparents) 8. Christian Johannes Trump was born in June 1829 in Kallstadt, Germany, and died July 6, 1877, in Kallstadt. 9. Katherina Kober was born about 1836 in Kallstadt, Germany, and died in November 1922 in Kallstadt. Christian Johannes Trump and Katherina Kober were married on Sept. 29, 1859, in Kallstadt, Germany. They had the following child: 4. i. Friederich (Fred) Trump 10. Christian Christ, birth date unknown 11. Anna Maria Rathon, birth date unknown Christ Christ and Anna Maria Rathon were married. They had the following child: 5. i. Elizabeth Christ 12. Alexander MacLeod, a crofter, and fisherman, was born May 10, 1830, in Stornoway, Scotland, to William MacLeod and Christian MacLeod. He died in Tong, Scotland, on Jan. 12, 1900. 13. Anne MacLeod was born about 1833 in Tong, Scotland. Alexander MacLeod and Anne MacLeod were married at Tong Dec. 3, 1853. They had the following children: i. Catherine MacLeod was born about 1856. ii. Jessie MacLeod was born about 1857. iii. Alexander MacLeod was born about 1859. iv. Ann MacLeod was born about 1865. 6. v. Malcolm MacLeod vi. Donald MacLeod was born June 11, 1869. vii. William MacLeod was born Jan. 21, 1874. 14. Donald Smith was born Jan. 1, 1835, to Duncan Smith and Henrietta MacSwane, the second of their nine children. He was a woolen weaver and cottar (peasant farmer). Donald died on Oct. 26, 1868, off the coast Broadbay, Scotland, when a squall of wind overturned his boat. 15. Mary Macauley was born about 1841 in Barvas, Scotland. Donald Smith and Mary Macauley were married on Dec. 16, 1858, in Garrabost on the Isle of Lewis, Scotland. They had the following children: i. Ann Smith was born Nov. 8, 1859, in Stornoway, Scotland. ii. John Smith was born Dec. 31, 1861, in Stornoway. iii. Duncan Smith was born Sept. 2, 1864, in Stornoway and died Oct. 29, 1937, in Seattle. 7. iv. Mary Smith <N> DW: Why do you think that Donald Trump's German roots are essential to understanding the person who is currently leading the Republican presidential field? Gwenda Blair: His grandfather Friedrich Drumpf came to the United States in 1885 which was the height of German immigration to the United States when he was 16. His family was from Kallstadt, winegrowers. The first step to the Donald Trump we know today is that his grandfather did not want to be a vintner, nor did he want to be a barber which is what he was trained to do when he first said he did not want to be involved in growing grapes. He came to New York and, after he learnt English, he went to the West Coast, ran restaurants, amassed a nest egg, then went back to Kallstadt, married the girl next door and brought her to New York. But she was extremely homesick, so they went back to Kallstadt and he tried to repatriate because he had become an American citizen. But whether on purpose or not, he had managed to miss military service - when he left he was too young and after he came back he was just a couple of months too old, which he said was absolutely coincidental. Gwenda Blair wrote two books about Trump and his family German authorities however thought this was not coincidental at all and refused to let him repatriate. They said he was a draft-dodger, expelled and deported him to the place he came from - the United States - which is how the Trumps ended up as Americans after all instead of simply being a family in Germany that had a grandfather who had spent some years in the United States. What traits of his grandfather and father do you think are also reflected in Donald Trump and the way he conducts his business and political career? They are really an impressive through line of people who would do anything to get ahead and win. They are all enormously tenacious, never give up and are willing to push the envelope to bend the rules and find the loopholes. Grandpa Trump built his restaurants on land that he did not own. In that time of the Gold Rush in the Klondike, it was the Wild West period. It was wide open, very raw, lots of single men desperately trying to find gold - and prostitutes. And Grandpa Trump's restaurants had liquor, food and access to women. His restaurants had little cubicles off to the sides with heavy curtains - so called private rooms for ladies - which was absolutely understood to mean prostitutes. His establishment was not the exception there, but he certainly did well by that. And after that he went back to Germany and claimed that he was quiet man who avoided bars in his petition to repatriate. His son Fred, who made his money in real estate in the outer boroughs of New York City, was very good at finding loopholes. When he was building state-financed housing he set up shell equipment companies and then rented bulldozers and trucks from himself at very high and inflated prices. It was not illegal, but he was pushing the edge and bending the rules. He was very good at that. Donald in turn has been very good at finding loopholes and bending rules when he built Trump Towers for example. He hired undocumented Polish workers to do the demolition of the building that had been there before, paid them very low wages and had them sleep on the building site, because they were on such a rushed schedule. Later on he said he had not noticed that they were undocumented which he could not have missed. He is very good at that. With his own family's immigration experience how do you explain Trump's anti-immigrant stance and his vitriolic rhetoric against immigrants? He has been very good a figuring out who his audience is. I am not sure we can call that a German trait, but it is certainly part of his family culture of looking to who the audience is. His grandfather looked to who the audience was when he had those restaurants in the Klondike. His father looked to who the audience was when he built his housing in the outer boroughs of New York which was nothing like what we associate with Donald Trump today. It was middle income housing, but he added a little extra touch that his would-be customers appreciated like an extra closet. He was very good at marketing. And Donald in turn has been very good at marketing to what he decided is his audience. In this case, the upcoming election, that is the big mass of alienated, unhappy and angry Americans who feel "our country used to be great and it's not anymore and it's somebody else's fault." They want somebody to make it right and get them the respect and the prosperity they think they deserve. And Trump has been very skillful at seeing this mass of angry people and positioning himself as their champion and making it clear to them that he is going to go against anything that is in their way - no matter whether it is immigrants, a famous Republican war hero like John McCain, a woman like Fox host Megan Kelly or a hedge fund manager. So going after immigrants is an easy target to pick off when he is trying to appeal to this mass of mostly white voters in the United States who feel like they have been left behind. So it does not bother him that he is in a way betraying his own family history with his stance on immigration? I don't think contradictions have ever bothered him, which has been confounding obviously to people observing the primary race. He is all over the map politically and I don't think it matters to him. He used to be a Democrat, but now he'll be a Republican. Now he is conservative, but he used to be liberal. He used to be for the right for an abortion, now he is hedging back on that. He used to be for immigration reform, now he is against. He moves back and forth very fluidly. I think that is the least bit of concern. Gwenda Blair is the author of "Trumps: Three Generations That Built an Empire" and "Donald Trump: Master Apprentice". She teaches journalism at Columbia University. The interview was conducted by Michael Knigge. <N> CLAIM Three states implemented a two pet maximum ordinance, forcing residents to choose which pets they must surrender. See Example( s ) EXAMPLES Collected via e-mail, May 2016 I just read the following: Residents of multiple states will be asked to surrender their third pet to the Humane Society to remain in compliance with a newly passed ordinance. The ordinance was officially passed this week by state politicians in Texas, Arizona, and Missouri. According to statistics gathered and published by The Humane Society of the United States, abandoned pet rates have sky-rocketed in Texas, Arizona, and Missouri over the past 2 years. Can this possibly be true? Here in the United States of America? RATING ORIGIN On 6 May 2016, web site Associated Media Coverage published an article reporting that three states implemented a sweeping two pet per-household law: Residents of multiple states will be asked to surrender their third pet to the Humane Society to remain in compliance with a newly passed ordinance. The ordinance was officially passed this week by state politicians in Texas, Arizona, and Missouri. According to statistics gathered and published by The Humane Society of the United States, abandoned pet rates have sky-rocketed in Texas, Arizona, and Missouri over the past 2 years. State representatives from Texas, Arizona, and Missouri are hopeful that this new ordinance will drastically reduce the amount of abandoned pets within their respective states. As the September 3rd 2017 compliance date approaches, state officials are asking impacted pet owners to begin thinking about which 2 animals they wish to continue housing. There is no truth to the claim, one of several ordinance-based hoaxes advanced by Associated Media Coverage. While some fake news sites restricted to satirical items (also known as fake news) include disclaimer notices about their fabricated content, this particular site displays no such advisory. Each page features an About Us link, but those links are not operational. Associated Media Coverage was registered on 18 February 2016, and is not an official news site, despite its semi-legitimate appearance. The site also spread a fabricated claim about a motorcycle curfew in March 2016, and another about a Food and Drug Administration e-juice ban. <N> Nearly four months after a brutal dog attack that claimed the life of a Montreal woman, the city has passed its contentious pit bull ban. City council voted Tuesday in favour of changes to its animal control bylaw that include a ban on new ownership of pit bull and pit bull-type dogs. The final vote was 37-23 in favour of the ban. "My duty as mayor of Montreal is making sure I am working for all Montrealers," said Denis Coderre. "And I am there to make sure they feel safe and that they are safe." The bylaw vote was supposed to take place Monday, but was pushed to Tuesday due to a busy agenda. The city announced that the new rules, including the ban on new ownership of pit bull or pit bull-type dogs, will go into effect across all 19 Montreal boroughs starting Oct. 3. Members of Opposition Projet Montral questioned whether the Coderre administration would be able to enforce the new rules. "This is going to create a bigger problem than a solution," said Coun. Sterling Downey. Attack leads to action Supporters argue the new regulations give priority to human safety over dog safety and that pit bull bans in other jurisdictions decreased the number of severe dog bites. "A Montreal woman died because someone didn't have control of their dog," said Anie Samson, the city executive committee member in charge of the animal file. The city had originally intended to update its legislation concerning dangerous dogs by 2018, but plans were accelerated following the mauling death of 55-year-old Christiane Vadnais. The dog that attacked her was initially identified as a pit bull, but police now say they are still waiting for DNA test results Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre voted in favour of the ban. (Jacques Boissinot/Canadian Press) Court challenge planned The announcement has led a Montreal-based coalition, composed of lawyers and experts in animal behaviour opposed to the ban, to say it will move forward with its plan to launch a court challenge. "I think it would be a shame if people allowed Montreal to get away with this," lawyer Julius Grey told CBC Montreal's Homerun. "This is very serious. It's not an object, it's not the right to seize a car  it's a right to take a member of your family and that should not permitted." Animal rights advocates were also quick to pan the bylaw, pointing out that many cities that have implemented similar legislation have since repealed it. "We are extremely disappointed with the council's decision to adopt archaic bylaws that are proven to be ineffective," Ewa Demianowicz, campaign manager for Humane Society International/Canada, said in a statement. Demianowicz said the new law would kill "innocent dogs without any improvement in public safety." The Montreal SPCA said in a statement it was "disappointed, but not surprised." "If the city of Montreal truly wanted to ensure public safety, it would not have forced a rushed adoption of controversial legislation which is unfair, unenforceable, and, most importantly, ineffective," the animal protection agency said. Montreal SPCA threatens to end dog-control services over pit bull ban Pit bull advocates say the new law will kill innocent dogs without leading to any improvement in public safety. (Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press) The bylaw comes as the Quebec government prepares to introduce legislation of its own. Public Safety Minister Martin Coiteux said the province wouldn't interfere with municipalities that choose to impose stricter rules. "What's important is that we come up with common standards for the area that make sense, that will actually ensure safety for all. If some towns want to go farther, then I don't see why the Quebec government should stop them," Coiteux said. What's a pit bull? The new bylaw will apply to all 19 boroughs and will define pit bulls as: Staffordshire bull terriers. American pit bull terriers. American Staffordshire terriers. Any mix with these breeds. Any dog that presents characteristics of one of those breeds. Those who now own a dog of those breeds and already live in Montreal will have to acquire a special permit in order to keep their pet by Dec. 31, 2016. The bylaw also creates two categories of dogs of all breeds: at-risk and dangerous. At-risk dogs are those that exhibit aggressive behaviour, such as biting someone. Dangerous dogs are those that have killed someone or are deemed dangerous by an expert. "No matter what, if your dog is dangerous, we will be able to act accordingly," Coderre said. An amendment to the bylaw made Tuesday morning aimed to address concerns that a pit bull would be automatically euthanized when its owner dies. The changes allow the pit bull's licence to be transferred to another person who was living at the same address, a direct family member or a spouse. More Montreal news: <N> Quebec's Order of Veterinarians has told members, as a bylaw banning new pit bulls in Montreal looms, that they have the right to refuse to euthanize healthy dogs, even if owners are found to have violated municipal rules. In a letter to its members, the order said veterinarians must weigh issues of animal welfare and public health in making their decisions, but ultimately, "no municipal regulation or provincial legislation can obligate a veterinarian to carry out any veterinary act." City council is expected to pass new regulations Monday that would ban new ownership of pit bulls, and place restrictions on people already owning the breed, including: Keeping the dogs muzzled at all times outside. Keeping them on a 1.25-metre leash. Paying a $150 registration fee. Owners who violate these rules could be ordered to have their dogs put down. But some veterinarians say they will refuse to euthanize a pit bull based solely on a bylaw violation. "I, professionally, morally, ethically am not required to euthanize those animals," said Dr. Karen Joy Goldenberg, veterinarian at the Pierrefonds Animal Hospital. "Now, if I actually witness or believe that a dog is dangerous to public safety, it has actually bitten someone, regardless of its breed, then absolutely I would agree to put it to sleep for its welfare and the welfare of the people around it." Dr. Jol Bergeron, president of the Quebec Order of Veterinarians, says he has fielded many calls from veterinarians to clarify their responsibility in complying with a municipal order to put down a dog. "They worry about that," said Bergeron. "Euthanasia is a big concern for our members when it's not based on a very scientific reason or [a] health condition." 48-hour window Veterinarians who refuse to euthanize a pit bull, Bergeron said, must make an effort to refer owners to another professional who will agree to put down the dog. 'We dont euthanize pets that are healthy because the owner doesnt have time for them and we dont need to euthanize healthy pets simply because the city told us to,' said Dr. Karen Joy Goldenberg of the Pierrefonds Animal Hospital. (Ainslie MacLellan/CBC) The problem is, under the new bylaw, owners have only 48 hours from the time euthanasia is ordered to find a veterinarian willing to perform the procedure, and another 24 hours to provide written proof that the dog has been put down. The SPCA, which currently holds the contracts for dog services in 10 Montreal boroughs, said it will not euthanize dogs affected by the new pit bull-specific rules. "It's going to be very, very hard to find a big population of veterinarians who will sleep well at night, knowing they've put down a healthy animal," said Goldenberg. Bergeron added that it is up to the city to clarify exactly what owners and veterinarians must do if they can't find a veterinarian willing to put their animals down. Anie Samson, the Montreal executive committee member in charge of animal control, declined to be interviewed on specifics about the new bylaw. Identifying breeds The Order of Veterinarians is also warning veterinarians they cannot alter a dog's file to list their breed as something other than a pit bull, unless there is a valid reason. Bergeron said a dog's veterinary files constitute a legal document and can only be changed if the owner obtains a breed certification from a kennel club, or a DNA test proving it's a different breed. But even that is not foolproof, according to Bergeron. "It can then be a challenge to identify exactly, even with a DNA test, what kind of dog we have in our hands." <N> The family of a woman who was found dead after being mauled by a dog earlier this week wants pit bulls to be banned in Quebec. Christiane Vadnais's body was found in her Pointe-aux-Trembles backyard Wednesday after the attack. Latest on this story: Woman mauled by boxer, not pit bull, says Humane Society Her brother Serge Vadnais says the only way to prevent something similar from happening to someone else is to ban the breed. "We will work  to push the government to change the law," he said. "As soon as possible, not in two years, now. We will change the law to limit the pit bull in Quebec, the same as in Ontario." Pit bulls have been banned in Ontario since 2005. Victim was full of life, well-liked A view of the backyard in Pointe-aux-Trembles where 55-year-old Christiane Vadnais was attacked on Wednesday. (Steve Rukavina/CBC) Serge and Gaston Vadnais described their sister as someone who was full of life and always smiling. She was one of 12 siblings. Her brothers last saw her a week ago at a family picnic. She was a long-time and well-liked employee of Montreal's public transit agency, the STM. Several of her co-workers were in shock after learning of her death Thursday morning, Radio-Canada reported. Dog was left inside the house Audrey Amzallag, a lawyer representing the dog owner, says on the day of the incident, her client left his dog inside the house and went to school. "Was there some kind of break in the gate? All those questions are being asked to my client and my client unfortunately has no answers, because when he left for school, [the dog] was in the apartment," she told CBC's Homerun. Lawyer Audrey Amzallag is representing the man whose dog attacked 55-year-old Christiane Vadnais Wednesday. (Radio-Canada) She also said this isn't the first time the dog attacked someone. It had been aggressive in at least two other situations. "One [incident] happened when the owner had tied his dog [outside] a dpanneur [convenience store] ... on a post and from what I understand when he came back, [the dog] was on the jacket of an individual that he doesn't know," she said. The dog also attacked the owner's cousin, because it thought the cousin was an intruder, she said. Quebec studying the issue The Quebec government announced Thursday it is creating a working group to review, and if necessary, overhaul the regulations surrounding the dogs. Public Security Minister Martin Coiteux said he isn't ruling out banning the dogs, but that all options will be considered. Montreal announced last month it would be creating regulations to deal with so-called "dangerous dogs" by 2018. Both the province and City of Montreal are considering banning pit bulls, but nothing has been finalized. (Alex Brockman/CBC) Officials have said the municipal rules will also focus on educating the public on responsible pet ownership, including proper medical care and training. The Montreal SPCA has said breed-specific legislation gives the public a false sense of security because it doesn't work and leads to non-aggressive dogs being targeted. Read the latest about Montreal's pit bull ban: <N> Because of intensifying civil strife over the recent killings of unarmed black men and boys, many Americans are wondering, Whats wrong with our police? Remarkably, one of the most compelling but unexplored explanations may rest with a FBI warning of October 2006, which reported that White supremacist infiltration of law enforcement represented a significant national threat. Several key events preceded the report. A federal court found that members of a Los Angeles sheriffs department formed a Neo Nazi gang and habitually terrorized the black community. Later, the Chicago police department fired Jon Burge, a detective with reputed ties to the Ku Klux Klan, after discovering he tortured over 100 black male suspects. Thereafter, the Mayor of Cleveland discovered that many of the city police locker rooms were infested with White Power graffiti. Years later, a Texas sheriff department discovered that two of its deputies were recruiters for the Klan. In near prophetic fashion, after the FBIs warning, white supremacy extremism in the U.S. increased, exponentially. From 2008 to 2014, the number of white supremacist groups, reportedly, grew from 149 to nearly a thousand, with no apparent abatement in their infiltration of law enforcement. This year, alone, at least seven San Francisco law enforcement officers were suspended after an investigation revealed they exchanged numerous White Power communications laden with remarks about lynching African-Americans and burning crosses. Three reputed Klan members that served as correction officers were arrested for conspiring to murder a black inmate. At least four Fort Lauderdale police officers were fired after an investigation found that the officers fantasized about killing black suspects. The United States doesnt publicly track white supremacists, so the full range of their objectives remains murky. Although black and Jewish-Americans are believed to be the foremost targets of white supremacists, recent attacks in Nevada, Wisconsin, Arizona, Kansas and North Carolina, demonstrate that other non-whites, and religious and social minorities, are also vulnerable. Perhaps more alarmingly, in the last several years alone, white supremacists have reportedly murdered law enforcement officers in Arkansas, Nevada and Wisconsin. In fact, the FBI reports that of the 511 law enforcement officers killed during felony incidents from 2004 to 2013, white citizens killed the majority of them. Of the citizens stopped by law enforcement officers in New York City and Chicago, white citizens were more likely to be found with guns and drugs. Given the white supremacist penchant for violence, guns and drug trafficking, the findings may be an indication that their network is just as destructive and far-reaching as that of foreign terrorist groups. The unfortunate consequence of todays threat is that a law enforcement officer may be good or bad, a villain or hero; one exceptionally prone to exhibit malicious forms of racial hatred, or distinctively suited to protect the racially oppressed. But the paradox doesnt end there. The white supremacist threat brings to light a dark feature of the American experience that some believed extinct. It rouses ingrained notions of distrusts between police and communities of color while bringing to bear the vital interest citizens of good will share in the complete abolishment of race as a judgmental factor. As the nation struggles to resolve the perplexities of police brutality, the white supremacist threat should inform all Americans that todays civil discord is not borne out of a robust animosity towards law enforcement, most of whom are professional. Rather, its more representative of a centuries-old ideological clash, which has ignited in citizens of good will a desire to affirm notions of racial equality so that the moral ethos of American culture is a reality for all. Samuel V. Jones is a former military police captain and currently a professor of law focusing on criminal law at The John Marshall Law School. <N> Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images This story has been republished with permission as part of our collaboration with Climate Desk. Gary Johnson, the Libertarian candidate for president, takes what he calls the long-term view of climate change. In billions of years, he said in 2011, the sun is going to actually grow and encompass the Earth, right? So global warming is in our future. Advertisement The former New Mexico governor did acknowledge that humans are making the world warmer in the near term, toobut he doesnt think the government should do much about it. In the same speech, he denounced cap-and-trade taxation, said we should be building new coal-fired plants, and argued that the trillions of dollars it would cost to combat climate change would be better spent on other priorities. All of that makes Johnsons popularity among younger voters pretty surprising. Surveys have consistently found that millennials care deeply about climate change. A November 2015 ABC News/Washington Post poll, for example, found that 76 percent of 18- to-29-year-olds see global warming as a serious problem, and 64 percent want the federal government to do more to combat it. Nevertheless, a recent Quinnipiac poll found that Johnson is now running second among 18- to-34-year-old voters, just 2 percentage points behind Hillary Clinton. Johnsons 2011 comments werent an aberration. Over the past few years, he has spoken out repeatedly against environmental regulation. In a 2011 NPR interview, he instead called for a free-market approach to reducing carbon emissions, arguing that consumer demand for cleaner energy, coupled with cheap natural gas, was causing a shift away from coal. He made the same argument during a Libertarian presidential candidate debate in May 2012. If government gets involved in fighting climate change, he said, we are going to be spending trillions of dollars and have no effect whatsoever on the desired outcome. During his 2012 campaign, Johnson called for cutting federal spending by 43 percent. In one interview, he noted that this would also mean a 43 percent reduction in the Environmental Protection Agencys budget. (During that same interview, he repeated his statement about the sun eventually destroying the planet: Long-term consequence of our existence in the whole scheme of things is the sun is getting closer to the Earth and that at a point in the very distant future, the sun will actually encompass the Earth. So global warming is something thats going to be inevitable.) Advertisement For most of his 2016 campaign, Johnson has maintained his opposition to government efforts to deal with global warming. His campaign website acknowledges that the climate is probably changing and that humans are probably contributing to that change. But, it adds: [T]he critical question is whether the politicians efforts to regulate, tax and manipulate the private sector are cost-effectiveor effective at all. The debate should be about how we can protect our resources and environment for future generations. Governors Johnson and [Libertarian vice presidential nominee William] Weld strongly believe that the federal government should prevent future harm by focusing on regulations that protect us from real harm, rather than needlessly costing American jobs and freedom in order to pursue a political agenda. In July, Johnson was asked during an appearance on Real Time with Bill Maher whether he had a comprehensive plan to combat climate change. Johnsons answer: No. He went on to argue that the coal industrys recent struggles were a result of free-market forces (such as cheap natural gas) rather than the Obama administrations new climate regulations. (Many experts say both factors have played significant roles in coals decline. Former Climate Desk reporter Tim McDonnell has argued that of the two, the market forces are indeed more important.) But then Johnsons stance changed dramatically. In an August interview with the Los Angeles Times, he announced he was open to the idea of the federal government imposing a revenue-neutral tax on carbon emissions. Economists have long viewed a carbon tax as the most efficient way of putting a price on greenhouse gas emissions in an effort to limit warmingmany see it as preferable to the complex cap-and-trade proposal backed by President Barack Obama during his first term. In a subsequent interview on CNBC, Johnson called a carbon tax a very libertarian proposal under which the market will take care of climate change. (During the Democratic primaries, Bernie Sanders endorsed a carbon tax; Clinton did not.) Advertisement Many Libertarians and conservatives were outraged by Johnsons sudden embrace of a carbon tax. Its Official: Gary Johnson Is a Left-Wing Candidate, declared the Federalist, a conservative publication. After plenty of public criticism from the right, Johnson changed his mind, telling supporters at a New Hampshire rally that after considering a carbon tax, I have determined that, you know what, its a great theory, but I dont think it can work, and Ive worked my way through that. His flip-flop drew loud applause from the crowd. Johnson elaborated in an interview the following day with the libertarian magazine Reason. He declared himself a skeptic when it comes to the idea that government policy can address climate issues and said a carbon tax sounds good in theory, but it wouldnt work in practice. So, no support for a carbon fee, Johnson added. I never raised one penny of tax as governor of New Mexico, not one cent in any area. Taxes to me are like a death plague. <N> Mutations in myostatin  in Double-Muscled Belgian Blue and Piedmontese Cattle Next Section Abstract A visibly distinct muscular hypertrophy (mh), commonly known as double muscling, occurs with high frequency in the Belgian Blue and Piedmontese cattle breeds. The autosomal recessive mh locus causing double-muscling condition in these cattle maps to bovine chromosome 2 within the same interval as myostatin, a member of the TGF- superfamily of genes. Because targeted disruption ofmyostatin in mice results in a muscular phenotype very similar to that seen in double-muscled cattle, we have evaluated this gene as a candidate gene for double-muscling condition by cloning the bovine myostatin cDNA and examining the expression pattern and sequence of the gene in normal and double-muscled cattle. The analysis demonstrates that the levels and timing of expression do not appear to differ between Belgian Blue and normal animals, as both classes show expression initiating during fetal development and being maintained in adult muscle. Moreover, sequence analysis reveals mutations in heavy-muscled cattle of both breeds. Belgian Blue cattle are homozygous for an 11-bp deletion in the coding region that is not detected in cDNA of any normal animals examined. This deletion results in a frame-shift mutation that removes the portion of the Myostatin protein that is most highly conserved among TGF- family members and that is the portion targeted for disruption in the mouse study. Piedmontese animals tested have a GA transition in the same region that changes a cysteine residue to a tyrosine. This mutation alters one of the residues that are hallmarks of the TGF- family and are highly conserved during evolution and among members of the gene family. It therefore appears likely that the mh allele in these breeds involves mutation within the myostatin gene and that myostatin is a negative regulator of muscle growth in cattle as well as mice. [The sequence data for bovine myostatin has been submitted to GenBank under accession no. AF019761.] The muscular hypertrophy (mh), or double-muscle phenotype, is a heritable condition in cattle that primarily results from an increase in number of muscle fibers (hyperplasia) rather than the enlargement of individual muscle fibers (hypertrophy), relative to normal cattle (Hanset et al. 1982). The relative increase in fiber number is observed early in pregnancy (Swatland and Kieffer 1974) and results in a calf possessing nearly twice the number of muscle fibers at the time of birth. The occurrence of double muscling has been observed in several cattle breeds worldwide since it was first documented by Culley in 1807. The breed in which this muscular hypertrophy and its effects have been analyzed most extensively is the Belgian Blue breed, which has been systematically selected for double muscling to the point of fixation in many herds. Domestic animals other than cattle also show dramatic increases in muscle mass. Malignant hyperthermia of pigs with muscular hypertrophy (Brenig and Brem 1992) and muscle hypertrophy of cats associated with a dystrophin deficiency (Gaschen et al. 1992) have been analyzed at the molecular level. Compared with normal cattle, Belgian Blue and Piedmontese animals have an increased proficiency to convert feed into lean muscle and produce a higher percentage of the most desirable cuts of meat (Casas et al. 1997). These animals have less bone, less fat, and 20% more muscle on average (Shahin and Berg 1985; Hanset 1986, 1991). However, problems associated with the trait, such as reduction in stress tolerance, fertility, and calf viability in Belgian Blue have hindered exploitation of the hypertrophy by classical genetic selection (Arthur 1995). Segregation analysis has indicated a monogenic autosomal segregation pattern for the double-muscling trait (Hanset and Michaux 1985a,b; Charlier et al. 1995). The locus has been termed partially recessive because there is some effect of a single copy of the allele, but generally the truly double muscled phenotype requires that the animal be homozygous. A mapping study utilizing a panel of microsatellite markers to scan the bovine genome (Charlier et al. 1995) localized the mh locus in Belgian Blue cattle to the centromeric end of the bovine Chromosome 2 (BTA2) linkage group. The map position of the mh locus has been refined and extended to the Piedmontese breed using additional genetic and physical markers to a 3- to 5-cM interval near the centromere of BTA2 (Casas et al. 1997) close to the position of the  collagen type III (COL3AI) locus (Sonstegard et al. 1997). A recent study demonstrated that mice lacking a normal copy of the myostatin gene  display a phenotype with significant similarities to the double muscling seen in cattle. myostatinis a member of the transforming growth factor  (TGF-) gene superfamily specifically expressed in skeletal muscle of adult mice, as well as during early development. In the mouse study, the third exon of the gene was replaced with a neo cassette, removing the portion of the protein that is highly conserved among the TGF- superfamily of genes. Animals homozygous for the disruption display an increase in skeletal muscle mass similar to that observed in homozygousmh cattle. The bovine myostatin gene recently has been mapped to the same interval as the mh locus by genetic linkage (Smith et al. 1997), which strongly suggests that it may be the gene causing double muscling in cattle. Here we report the sequence of bovine myostatin and evaluate it as a candidate gene by sequence and expression analysis. Although the expression of myostatin mRNA does not appear disrupted in Belgian Blue cattle, mutation analysis reveals an 11-bp deletion mutation in the coding region of the myostatin gene in Belgian Blue cattle that would be predicted to abolish the activity of the protein, as the truncated portion encodes the peptide sequence thought to mediate essential functions (McPherron et al. 1997). In addition, a transition mutation found in animals of the Piedmontese breed affects a conserved cysteine in exon 3 of the myostatin that is also likely to affect function of Myostatin. Previous Section Next Section RESULTS Cloning and Sequencing of bovine myostatin cDNA The first step in these experiments was to obtain a cDNA clone of bovine myostatin (bmyostatin) from a normal animal to use as a probe and to provide sequence information for comparison to the double-muscle allele. Primers were designed based on the murine sequence (GenBank accession no. U84005) of the 5 and 3-untranslated regions and used for RTPCR to amplify the entire coding region of the bovine homolog (bmyostatin) from total RNA isolated from skeletal muscles of normal Friesian cattle. Comparison of the predicted amino acid sequence of murine and bmyostatin indicates that it is highly conserved, with 93% homology between the two proteins (Fig. 1A). All of the hallmarks of the TGF- superfamily, including signal sequence for secretion, a proteolytic processing site, and a conserved pattern of cysteine residues in the carboxy-terminal region, are conserved between mouse and cattle forms (Fig. 1A). View larger version: Download as PowerPoint Slide Figure 1. Sequence analysis of normal- and double-muscled bovine myostatin. Sequencing was performed on three independent normal- and double-muscled alleles, and one representative sequence of both alleles is shown. (A) Amino acid sequence comparisons of mouse (MMYO.PRO) and bovine Myostatin (BMYO.PRO) proteins. Nonconserved amino acids are indicated by solid bars. The consensus amino acid sequence is shown at the top. The proteolytic processing site is underlined. (B) The deletion mutation is detected by fluorometric sequencing of myostatin cDNA from normal- and double-muscled cattle. The sequence of the double-muscled allele is shown above that of the normal allele (Control), and the position where 11 bp is deleted in the mutant allele is indicated by an arrow. The large bracket in the normal allele sequence denotes the region that is deleted in the double-muscled allele. (C) The amino acid sequence of Myostatin in normal cattle is shown above the predicted amino acid sequence of Myostatin in double-muscled cattle. The premature stop codon at amino acid position 288 in the double-muscle allele is indicated by an asterisk (*). (D) The predicted amino acid sequence of Myostatin in normal cattle is shown below that of the Piedmontese breed in the vicinity of the transition mutation. The altered residue in the Piedmontese allele is underlined. Asterisks (*) indicate two of the nine conserved cysteine residues in exon 3 of the normal bmyostatin allele. Developmental Expression of the bmyostatin Gene in Normal and Belgian Blue Cattle The phenotype of the myostatin knockout mice suggests that myostatin is a negative regulator of muscle growth, because mice lacking normal gene function displayed enlarged muscles. Therefore, any mutation that decreases the amount or activity of Myostatin at the critical developmental period could lead to an increase in muscle mass. The decrease could result either from changes in the mRNA expression pattern due to mutations that affect transcription/transcript stability or from changes in the translated portion that affect the function of the protein. First, we addressed the possibility that the mh allele affects transcription ofbmyostatin by comparing the pattern of expression of bmyostatin between normal and Belgian Blue animals. RTPCR analysis was performed on total RNA isolated from either whole embryo or M. semitendinosus muscle from various gestation stages of normal and Belgian Blue animals. Oligonucleotide primers were designed such that 513-bp coding region was amplified in a combined RTPCR reaction (see Methods for primer sequences). As shown in Figure2A, the expression of bmyostatin gene was found at all developmental stages in normal cattle. Low levels of message were detected up to day 29 embryos in normal animals, and increased expression of bmyostatin was detected from day 31 onwards to late in gestation (260-day-old fetuses). bmyostatin cDNA was also detected in Belgian Blue 50-day-old fetuses onwards and late in gestation (day 260) (Fig 2B). bmyostatin mRNA expression in fetuses prior to day 50 was not analyzed in Belgian Blue cattle. No changes were noted in the level of expression of bmyostatin between normal and Belgian Blue animals at various gestation stages examined (Fig. 2A,B), and bmyostatin continued to be expressed in the skeletal muscle of adult animals. View larger version: Download as PowerPoint Slide Figure 2. (A,B) Agarose gel electrophoresis of PCR products (513 bp) obtained from RTPCR using total RNA from embryos or fetuses of different normal (A)- or double (B)-muscled Belgian Blue bovine developmental stages. (M) Markers (1-kb ladder from GIBCO BRL). Different embryonic or fetal ages are indicated in corresponding lanes. The locations of the primers used to amplify 513-bp partial cDNA are from amino acid 202 to 208 (sense primer) and from amino acid 365 to 371 (antisense primer). (See Methods for primer sequence.) This 513-bp partial cDNA contains the 11-bp deletion observed in double-muscled Belgian Blue cattle. (C) Expression of myostatin in different adult bovine muscles. Fifteen micrograms of total RNA was electrophoresed on formaldehydeagarose gel, blotted onto nylon membrane, and probed with bovine myostatin cDNA. (Lane 1) M. gastrocnemius; (lane 2) M. psoas major; (lane 3) M. longissimus dorsi; (lane 4) M. biceps femoris; (lane 5) M. diaphragm; (lane 6) M. semimembranosus; (lane 7) M. flexor digitorum longus; (lane 8) M. vastus medialis; (lane 9) M. vastus lateralis; (lane 10) heart; (lane 11) M. cutaneus trunci; (lane 12) M. semitendinosus; (lane 13) M. semitendinosus (normal, 260 day); (lane 14) M. semitendinosus (double-muscle, 260 day). To compare the expression of bmyostatin in different skeletal muscles, we performed Northern analysis on total RNA isolated from adult tissues from normal animals. As shown in Figure 2C, the bmyostatin probe detected a single-message of 2.9-kilobase mRNA expressed in both axial and paraxial musculature. High levels of expression were observed in the hindlimb muscles M. semimembranosus and M. biceps femoris, whereas low levels of expression were detected in other hindlimb muscles (Fig. 2C). myostatin expression could not be detected in the heart or in the diaphragm muscle. Mutations in bmyostatin in Belgian Blue Double-Muscled Cattle Because no differences in expression of the bmyostatin gene could be detected by RTPCR, we examined the sequence of the cDNA in normal- and double-muscled animals to evaluate possible changes in the protein and correlated any changes with the observed phenotype. Myostatin cDNA from animals in three unrelated double-muscled pedigrees were sequenced and screened for mutations in the coding region. This analysis revealed an 11-bp deletion in the open reading frame of the Belgian Bluebmyostatin allele, which results in the loss of three amino acids (275, 276, and 277) and a frameshift after amino acid 274 (Fig. 1B,C). The frameshift leads to a stop codon after amino acid 287 that is predicted to truncate the protein such that most of the same portion that was deleted in the heavy muscled knockout mice would not be translated (Fig. 1C). Another 17 pedigrees of Belgian Blue cattle were subsequently tested for this deletion by simple sizing of PCR products that include this portion of the gene, including 16 pedigrees in New Zealand and 4 in the United States. All double-muscled, purebred animals tested were homozygous for this deletion, wherease none of 11 different normal-muscled dairy and traditional beef breed cattle showed evidence of deletion in this region. On the basis of the results from the Belgian Blue analysis, myostatin mRNA from a Piedmontese breed animal was then assessed for deletions or nonsense mutations that would abnormally truncate the protein. The resulting Piedmontese cDNA sequence predicted that a full-length Myostatin protein was coded for in this breed. This result demonstrates that in contrast to the Belgian Blue breed, mh in Piedmontese animals is not the result of an abnormally truncated Myostatin protein. However, examination of the cDNA sequence revealed a GA transiton mutation at position 941 of the coding region. This mutation predicts the replacement of cysteine at amino acid 314 with tyrosine (Fig. 1D). This cysteine is the fifth in a series of nine whose appearance and spacing is extremely conserved throughout the TGF- and inhibin- gene families; thus, it is likely that the observed mutation would interfere with normal function of the protein (McPherron et al. 1997). To verify this result and assess its generality, three unrelated double-muscled pedigrees of the Piedmontese breed were then examined for the transition mutation. A primer was developed from the sequence of the second intron of the bovine gene and used in combination with a primer designed from the downstream untranslated region (see Methods). These primers amplify a 493-bp fragment containing the entire coding portion of the third exon of bmyostatin from amino acid residue 251 to the carboxyl terminus at 376. The amplified fragment encompasses all of the coding region downstream of the putative proteolytic processing site (McPherron et al. 1997), including the observed mutation. This allowed us to use archival DNA from Piedmontese sires to assess the generality of the mutation in herds in the United States. The predicted amino acid sequence for all three pedigrees contained the replacement of cysteine with tyrosine at residue 314. Multiple independent PCR reactions from each animal were used to generate sequence, and the mutation was consistently observed; thus it appears that Piedmontese animals are homozygous for this mutation. Previous Section Next Section DISCUSSION We report the cloning of bovine myostatin and an evaluation of this TGF- family member as a candidate gene formh. Recently the bovine myostatin gene has been mapped to the same interval as the mh locus that causes the double-muscle phenotype (Smith et al. 1997). Comparison of the bovine and murine proteins demonstrates that myostatin has been very highly conserved during mammalian evolution, suggesting an important role for this gene. This role has been demonstrated by the production of knockout mice, which develop greatly enlarged muscles (McPherron et al. 1997). The double-muscled trait in Belgian Blue and Piedmontese cattle has significant similarity to the phenotype of these mice, as both involve an increase in the muscle mass (Arthur 1995; McPherron et al. 1997). The increase in body weight found in mutant myostatin mice can be explained by an increase in muscle mass resulting from muscle fiber hyperplasia and hypertrophy. The increase in body weight of double-muscled cattle cannot be totally accounted for by an increase in muscle mass alone, as the weight of the skin, adipose and bone content, alimentary tract, and most other internal organs is reduced in double-muscled cattle. Also the increased musculature of double-muscled cattle results only from hyperplasia of muscle fibers and not muscle fiber hyperplasia and hypertrophy as found in the mutant mouse (Hanset et al. 1977). These differences in bovine and mouse phenotypes could be attributable to additional genes selected for during inbreeding of double-muscled cattle breeds. How does myostatin negatively regulate myogenesis? Because myostatin expression is detected in the myotome early in myogenesis through to adult skeletal muscle, it may control fiber number and size during embryonic, fetal, and postnatal myogenesis. Based on the amino acid sequence, Myostatin is a secreted protein that is specifically synthesized by muscle tissue and therefore may be involved with autocrine or paracrine cellcell communication that regulates proliferation and/or differentiation of myoblasts. The phenotype of the knockout mice suggests that any mutation that affects myostatin production or activity could lead to muscle hyperplasia and hypertrophy. In both mice and cattle the heterozygotes display very mild abnormalities. The mild phenotypes displayed bymh/+ are probably caused by haploinsufficiency. Examination of the steady-state levels of myostatin mRNA through a range of developmental stages and in different adult muscles failed to reveal any significant difference in the levels of expression in double-muscled cattle, suggesting that differences inmyostatin transcription do not underlie the mhphenotype. However, sequence analysis of mh/mh animals revealed the presence of significant mutations in the third exon of the gene. Presumably the loss of a critical cysteine residue has a negative effect on the activity of Myostatin in Piedmontese cattle, although the extent to which the activity is diminished is uncertain. Certainly the truncation observed in Belgian Blue cattle is likely to severely impair Myostatin function, as it removes the majority of the part of the protein that was disrupted in the knockout mice. We conclude that myostatin is probably the mh locus and that it appears that a nonfunctional Myostatin protein is responsible for loss of control of muscle growth in double-muscled Belgian Blue and Piedmontese cattle as well as knockout mice. Previous Section Next Section METHODS Sample Collections Muscle biopsies (0.5 gram) were obtained from the Musculus (Mo) biceps femoris muscle from 18 adult double-muscled Belgian Blue cattle. The cattle biopsied were derived from 17 different sire lines with limited inbreeding over the last three generations. The pedigrees sampled represent germ-plasm from 17 (NZ) and 4 (USA) sire lines imported from Belgium, with each animal carrying at least one allele from a unique sire. Muscle samples from normal Friesian cattle were obtained after slaughter at the AgResearch abattoir. Normal bovine embryos from day 15 to 34 were collected in triplicate by flushing the uterine tracks of cows; fetuses from day 50 to day 260 were collected after slaughter. Double-muscled Belgian Blue fetuses (in triplicate) were obtained from the recipient cows, which were implanted with purebred Belgian Blue embryos. DNA was obtained from blood sample of Piedmontese bulls by salt extraction (Miller et al. 1988). Adult Piedmontese muscle was obtained from the M. biceps femoris immediately after slaughter in the MARC abbatoir. RNA Extraction and RTPCR RNA from muscle or embryo tissue was extracted using Trizol (GIBCO BRL), according to the manufacturers protocol. First-strand cDNA was synthesized in a 20-l reverse transcriptase (RT) reaction from 5 g of total RNA using a Superscript preamplification kit (GIBCO-BRL), according to the manufacturers protocol. Semiquantitative PCR was performed with 2 l of the RT reaction at 94C for 1 min, 50C for 1 min, and 72C for 1 min for 35 cycles. To clone the bmyostatin entire coding sequence we used the following primers: 5-ATGATGCAAAAACTGCAA-3 and 5-TCATGAGCACCCACA-3 (1127 bp) and 5-TCGGACGGACATGCACTAA-3 and 5-GTCTACTACCATGGCTGGAAT-3 (1202 bp). The primers used to amplify the 513-bp cDNA shown in Figure 2, A and B, were 5-GGTATTTGGCAGAGTATTGAT-3 and 5-GTCTACTACCATGGCTGGAAT-3. To clone full-length cDNA from Piedmontese cattle we used alternate primers: 5-TCACTTGGCATTACTCAAAAGC-3 and 5-TCGAAATTGAGGGGAAGACC-3. The 493-bp product containing exon 3 of myostatin gene from Piedmontese cattle was amplified from genomic DNA using the reverse primer noted above and an intron-specific primer: 5-TGAGGTAGGAGAGTGTTTTGGG-3. Sequencing and Sequence Analysis PCR-amplified bovine myostatin cDNA fragments were run on a low melting point agarose gel. DNA fragments were excised from the gel, and DNA was purified using the Wizard kit (Promega) and directly sequenced on an ABI automated sequencer (model no. 377). Sequence alignments were performed by using DNA Laser Gene software (DNA STAR). Northern Analysis Northern analysis was performed according to Sambrook et al. (1989). Fifteen micrograms of total RNA from various muscles was run on a 1.0% formaldehydeagarose gel and transferred to Hybond N+ membrane (Amersham). The membrane was prehybridized in 5 SSC, 50% formamide, 5 Denhardts solution, and 1% SDS, 0.25 mg/ml of Salmon sperm DNA for 2 hr, hybridized in the same solution withbmyostatin cDNA probe overnight, washed at 50C for 15 min each with 2 SSC + 0.1% SDS, and then with 0.2 SSC + 0.1% SDS. Previous Section Next Section Acknowledgments We thank B. Worsnop and W. Hooper for providing material from their Belgian Blue pedigree herd and their enthusiasm and support for this research. We are indebted to the Foundation of Research and Technology (New Zealand) for financial support. The support of all members of the Growth Physiology program who have provided the infrastructure enabling this research to progress so rapidly is acknowledged. We thank Stacey Farmer and Greg Baillie for timely and excellent sequencing of DNA. We thank Kevin Tennill for expert technical assistance, Dr. Roger Stone for helpful discussion and advice, and Dr. Aravinda Chakravarti for editing assistance. The publication costs of this article were defrayed in part by payment of page charges. This article must therefore be hereby marked advertisement in accordance with 18 USC section 1734 solely to indicate this fact. <N> An exceptional muscle development commonly referred to as double-muscled (Fig. 1) has been seen in several cattle breeds and has attracted considerable attention from beef producers. Double-muscled animals are characterized by an increase in muscle mass of about 20%, due to general skeletal-muscle hyperplasiathat is, an increase in the number of muscle fibers rather than in their individual diameter1. Although the hereditary nature of the double-muscled condition was recognized early on, the precise mode of inheritance has remained controversial; monogenic (dominant and recessive), oligogenic and polygenic models have been proposed2. In the Belgian Blue cattle breed (BBCB)4, segregation analysis performed both in experimental crosses3 and in the outbred population suggested an autosomal recessive inheritance. This was confirmed when the muscular hypertrophy (mh) locus was mapped 3.1 cM from microsatellite TGLA44 on the centromeric end of bovine chromosome 2 (ref. 5). We used a positional candidate approach to demonstrate that a mutation in bovine MSTN, which encodes myostatin, a member of the TGF superfamily, is responsible for the double-muscled phenotype. We report an 11-bp deletion in the coding sequence for the bioactive carboxy-termihal domain of the protein causing the muscular hypertrophy observed in Belgian Blue cattle. <N> As the name implies, Belgian Blue Cattle originated in the small European country of Belgium. While today Belgian Blue cattle are their own fullblood registered breed, their roots can be tracked back well over a century to a crossing of Durham Shorthorns and Friesian cattle. Initially the Belgian Blue was developed, as most European cattle are, for their use as a dual purpose breed or, more simply, for both milk production and meat production. For most of the early to middle 1900s the breed tried to exist in the dual role. However, even at this early stage of breed development there was an increasing movement among many breeders to develop cattle of a more meaty type. Following the second world war, a liberated European economy quickly demanded an increased quality and quantity of meat, particularly those cuts of high retail value. This economic demand accelerated the development of Belgian Blue cattle in a more heavily muscled direction. Finally, in 1974, the breed was divided into two branches, one for continued use as a dual purpose animal and the other exclusively for meat production. The vast majority of breeders concentrated their efforts on breeding the Belgian Blue for beef production. Today we see the result of the 150 years of work in the modern Belgian Blue. An animal that is structurally correct and sound, docile in temperament, fertile in breeding, and above all the ultimate beef machine. Photo: Craig Philips <N> What is genetic engineering and how does it work? What is genetic engineering? Genetic engineering is the process of manually adding new DNA to an organism. The goal is to add one or more new traits that are not already found in that organism. Examples of genetically engineered (transgenic) organisms currently on the market include plants with resistance to some insects, plants that can tolerate herbicides, and crops with modified oil content. Understanding Genetic Engineering: Basic Biology To understand how genetic engineering works, there are a few key biology concepts that must be understood. CONCEPT #1: What is DNA? DNA is the recipe for life. DNA is a molecule found in the nucleus of every cell and is made up of 4 subunits represented by the letters A, T, G, and C. The order of these subunits in the DNA strand holds a code of information for the cell. Just like the English alphabet makes up words using 26 letters, the genetic language uses 4 letters to spell out the instructions for how to make the proteins an organism will need to grow and live. Small segments of DNA are called genes. Each gene holds the instructions for how to produce a single protein. This can be compared to a recipe for making a food dish. A recipe is a set of instructions for making a single dish. An organism may have thousands of genes. The set of all genes in an organism is called a genome. A genome can be compared to a cookbook of recipes that makes that organism what it is. Every cell of every living organism has a cookbook. CONCEPT #2: Why are proteins important? Proteins do the work in cells. They can be part of structures (such as cell walls, organelles, etc). They can regulate reactions that take place in the cell. Or they can serve as enzymes, which speed-up reactions. Everything you see in an organism is either made of proteins or the result of a protein action. CONCEPT #3: How is DNA important in genetic engineering? DNA is a universal language, meaning the genetic code means the same thing in all organisms. It would be like if all cookbooks around the world were written in a single language that everyone knew. This characteristic is critical to the success of genetic engineering. When a gene for a desirable trait is taken from one organism and inserted into another, it gives the recipient organism the ability to express that same trait. How is genetic engineering done? Genetic engineering, also called transformation, works by physically removing a gene from one organism and inserting it into another, giving it the ability to express the trait encoded by that gene. It is like taking a single recipe out of a cookbook and placing it into another cookbook. The process: Once a goal is in mind 1) First, find an organism that naturally contains the desired trait. 2) The DNA is extracted from that organism. This is like taking out the entire cookbook. 3) The one desired gene (recipe) must be located and copied from thousands of genes that were extracted. This is called gene cloning. 4) The gene may be modified slightly to work in a more desirable way once inside the recipient organism. 5) The new gene(s), called a transgene is delivered into cells of the recipient organism. This is called transformation. The most common transformation technique uses a bacteria that naturally genetically engineer plants with its own DNA. The transgene is inserted into the bacteria, which then delivers it into cells of the organism being engineered. Another technique, called the gene gun method, shoots microscopic gold particles coated with copies of the transgene into cells of the recipient organism. With either technique, genetic engineers have no control over where or if the transgene inserts into the genome. As a result, it takes hundreds of attempts to achieve just a few transgenic organisms. 6) Once a transgenic organism has been created, traditional breeding is used to improve the characteristics of the final product. So genetic engineering does not eliminate the need for traditional breeding. It is simply a way to add new traits to the pool. How does genetic engineering compare to traditional breeding? Although the goal of both genetic engineering and traditional plant breeding is to improve an organisms traits, there are some key differences between them. While genetic engineering manually moves genes from one organism to another, traditional breeding moves genes through mating, or crossing, the organisms in hopes of obtaining offspring with the desired combination of traits. Using the recipe analogy, traditional breeding is like taking two cookbooks and combining every other recipe from each into one cookbook. The product is a new cookbook with half of the recipes from each original book. Therefore, half of the genes in the offspring of a cross come from each parent. Traditional breeding is effective in improving traits, however, when compared with genetic engineering, it does have disadvantages. Since breeding relies on the ability to mate two organisms to move genes, trait improvement is basically limited to those traits that already exist within that species. Genetic engineering, on the other hand, physically removes the genes from one organism and places them into the other. This eliminates the need for mating and allows the movement of genes between organisms of any species. Therefore, the potential traits that can be used are virtually unlimited. Breeding is also less precise than genetic engineering. In breeding, half of the genes from each parent are passed on to the offspring. This may include many undesirable genes for traits that are not wanted in the new organism. Genetic engineering, however, allows for the movement of a single, or a few, genes. <N> Double muscling in cattle: a review PF Arthur Australian Journal of Agricultural Research 46(8) 1493 - 1515 Published: 1995 Abstract Muscular hypertrophy of genetic origin in cattle, commonly referred to as double muscling, is reviewed in this paper with a discussion on its possible use in beef and dairy-beef production systems in Australia. The double-muscled syndrome is an inherited condition, and is found in many breeds of cattle. The highest frequency of occurrence is found in the Piedmontese and Belgian Blue breeds. Deliberate effort was made in the last few decades to increase the frequency of double muscling in these two breeds. The syndrome is associated with some production problems such as reduced fertility, dystocia and reduced calf survival. Cattle showing the syndrome, however, have higher meat yield, a higher proportion of expensive cuts of meat, and lean and very tender meat. The superior meat and carcase characteristics have been responsible for their widespread use in Europe, where premium price is paid for double muscled carcases. Piedmontese and Belgian Blue cattle have recently been imported into Australia. These double-muscled breeds will have a role to play in beef and dairy-beef production systems in Australia. For commercial production it is recommended that the breeding female herd be kept free from double muscling. A terminal sire breeding system is suggested, whereby normal females are mated to double muscled sires and all progeny slaughtered. Keywords: double muscling; cattle; muscular hypertrophy _LINKS_  CSIRO 1995 <N> This paper aims to review a long-term research project exploring the chimpanzee mind within historical and ecological contexts. The Ai project began in 1978 and was directly inspired by preceding ape-language studies conducted in Western countries. However, in contrast with the latter, it has focused on the perceptual and cognitive capabilities of chimpanzees rather than communicative skills between humans and chimpanzees. In the original setting, a single chimpanzee faced a computer-controlled apparatus and performed various kinds of matching-to-sample discrimination tasks. Questions regarding the chimpanzee mind can be traced back to Wolfgang Koehler's work in the early part of the 20th century. Yet, Japan has its unique natural and cultural background: it is home to an indigenous primate species, the Japanese snow monkey. This fact has contributed to the emergence of two previous projects in the wild led by the late Kinji Imanishi and his students. First, the Koshima monkey project began in 1948 and became famous for its discovery of the cultural propagation of sweet-potato washing behavior. Second, pioneering work in Africa, starting in 1958, aimed to study great apes in their natural habitat. Thanks to the influence of these intellectual ancestors, the present author also undertook the field study of chimpanzees in the wild, focusing on tool manufacture and use. This work has demonstrated the importance of social and ecological perspectives even for the study of the mind. Combining experimental approaches with a field setting, the Ai project continues to explore cognition and behavior in chimpanzees, while its focus has shifted from the study of a single subject toward that of the community as a whole. <N> Aerial View of PRI chimps' living space There are three zones, each with different functions: the green cage (to the left of the photo), a silver cage (towards the rear of the photo), and an outdoor enclosure (to the right of the photo). Because all these zones are inter-connected, our PRI chimps are free to choose their "habitat" (cage/enclosure) and to be with several group members (or stay alone if they prefer), like chimpanzees in the wild. At over ten meters above the base of the green cage, we have set up four arrays of touch-screen stations so that our PRI chimps can drop by and do the cognitive tests and get tiny food rewards (e.g. an 8mm cube of apple, for each correct answer). Using the automated face recognition system, we can automatically run tasks of different levels/type for particular chimpanzees. We maintain and accumulate record-logs of all chimpanzees' tasks automatically; Thus, we can figure out the calories consumed according to the exact amount that each chimpanzee ate during their cognitive tasks. <N> The Primate Research Institute sits on a hill in Inuyama, Japan, a quiet city that rambles along the Kiso River and is renowned for a 16th-century castle. Handsome homes with traditional curved roofs line Inuyamas winding streets. The primate facility consists mostly of drab, institutional boxes from the 1960s, but it has one stunning architectural feature: an outdoor facility that includes a five-story-high climbing tower for the 14 chimpanzees currently in residence. Chimps frequently scamper to the top of the tower and take in the view; they tightrope across wires connecting different parts of the tower and chase each other in battle and play. From This Story [] CLOSE Primatologist Tetsuro Matsuzawa studies chimps in hopes of uncovering how they learn and communicate Video: How Chimpanzees Learn When I walked out onto a balcony overlooking the tower with Tetsuro Matsuzawa, the head of the institute, the chimpanzees spotted us immediately and began to chatter. Woo-ooo-woo-ooo-WOO-ooo-WOOOOOOO! Matsuzawa sang out, voicing a chimp call known as a pant-hoot. A half-dozen chimps yelled back. I am sort of a member of the community, he told me. When I pant-hoot, they have to reply because Matsuzawa is coming. Matsuzawa and the dozen scientists and graduate students who work with him are peering into the minds of our closest relatives, whose common ancestor with humans lived some six million years ago, to understand what separates them from us. He and his co-workers probe how chimpanzees remember, learn numbers, perceive and categorize objects and match voices with faces. Its a tricky business that requires intimate relationships with the animals as well as cleverly designed studies to test the range and limitations of the chimpanzees cognition. To move them from the outdoor structure to the laboratories inside, researchers lead the animals along a network of catwalks. As I ambled under the catwalks, the chimps going into various laboratories for the mornings experiments spit on me repeatedlythe standard greeting offered to unfamiliar humans. The lab rooms are about the size of a studio apartment, with humans separated from chimpanzees by Plexiglas walls. Following Japanese tradition, I removed my shoes, put on slippers, and took a seat with Matsuzawa and his team of researchers. The human side of the room was crowded with computer monitors, TVs, video cameras, food dishes and machines that dispense treats to the chimps. The chimp enclosures, which look like oversize soundproof booths from an old TV game show, were empty, but slots cut into the Plexiglas allowed the chimps to access touch-screen computers. Matsuzawas star research subject is a chimp named Ai, which means love in Japanese. Ai arrived at the institute, part of Kyoto University, in 1977, when she was 1 year old and Matsuzawa was 27. Matsuzawa had done some basic studies with rats and monkeys, but he knew little about chimpanzees. He was given the job of training her. Years later, he wrote an account of their first meeting: When I looked into this chimpanzees eyes, she looked back into mine. This amazed methe monkeys I had known and worked with never looked into my eyes. Monkeys, separated from humans by more than 20 million years, differ from chimpanzees and other apes in many ways, including having tails and relatively limited mental capacities. I had simply thought that chimpanzees would be big black monkeys, Matsuzawa wrote. This, however, was no monkey. It was something mysterious. Now, one of the researchers pushed a button, gates clanged and Ai entered the enclosure. Her son Ayumu (which means walk) went into an enclosure next-door, which was connected to his mothers room by a partition that could be opened and closed. The institute makes a point of studying mothers and their children together, following the procedures under which researchers conduct developmental experiments with human children. Ai sauntered over to a computer screen. The computer randomly splashed numbers 1 through 7 about the screen. When Ai touched the number one, white blocks covered the other numbers. She then had to touch the white blocks in the correct numerical sequence to receive a treat, a small chunk of apple. The odds of correctly guessing the sequence are 1 in 5,040. Ai made many mistakes with seven numbers, but she succeeded almost every time with six numbers, and the odds of that happening by chance are 1 in 720 tries. Ayumus success rate, like those of other chimps younger than about 10, is better that Ais. It appears that young chimps, like human children, have better so-called eidetic memorythe ability to take a mental picture of even a complicated imagethan their elders. And chimps outperform humans. I once watched Matsuzawa show videos of his experiments with Ai and Ayumu at a conference attended by the worlds leading chimp researchers, including Jane Goodall, Christophe Boesch, Frans de Waal and Richard Wrangham. The audience gasped, oohed and aahed at the chimps memory skills. Ayumu next began doing a word-comprehension test known as the color Stroop task. Like his mother, he has learned that certain Japanese characters correspond to different colors. He can touch a colored dot and then touch the word for that color. But does he understand the words meaning or has he just learned that when he connects this symbol with that one, he receives a treat? A dog, after all, can be taught to put a paw into a humans hand and shake, but, as far as we know, it has no idea that shaking hands is a human greeting. To test whether the chimps understand the meaning of words, researchers miscolor some of the wordsshowing, for example, the word black printed in the color redand challenge Ayumu to identify the color of the word, not the word itself. Matsuzawa asked to borrow three writing pens of different colors: black, blue and red. He then wrote the English words for the colors in a variety of inks. He asked me to tell him, as quickly as I could, the colors in which the words were written. As he expected, I slowed down, and even stumbled, when the colors did not match the words. The bottom line is its hard to read red in blue ink and say its blue because you understand the meaning of the words, he said. Basically, when I saw red, I pictured the color red and had to block that knowledge, which takes a fraction of a second, to say blue. He then changed the words to Japanese characters, which I do not understand. This time I had no trouble rattling off the colors. In the Stroop test, if the chimpanzees actually understand the meaning of the words for colors, they should take longer to match, say, the word blue, when colored green, to a green dot. So far, Matsuzawa told me, preliminary data suggest the chimpanzees do, in fact, understand the meaning of the words. Captive chimps have long been taught sign language or other communication techniques, and they can string together the symbols or gestures for words in simple Me Tarzan, You Jane combinations. And, of course, the animals use pant-hoots, grunts and screams to communicate. But in decades of ape language experiments, the chimpanzees have never demonstrated a humans innate ability to learn massive vocabularies, embed one thought within another or follow a set of untaught rules called grammar. So yes, chimpanzees can learn words. But so can dogs, parrots, dolphins and even sea lions. Words do not language make. Chimpanzees may well routinely master more words and phrases than other species, but a 3-year-old human has far more complex and sophisticated communication skills than a chimpanzee. I do not say chimpanzees have language, Matsuzawa stresses. They have language-like skills. Despite Matsuzawas precision, some people in the field caution that his experiments can fool us into granting chimpanzees mental faculties they do not possess. Other researchers found that they could perform as well as Ayumu on the numbers test if they practiced enough. And while no one disputes that Ai can sequence numbers and understands that four comes before five, chimp researcher Daniel Povinelli of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette says that feat is misleading. Unlike young human children, Ai, Povinelli contends, doesnt understand that five is greater than four, let alone that five is one more than four. Aiin Povinellis estimation the most mathematically educated of all chimpanzeeshas never had that aha moment. As fascinating as it is to watch Ai and Ayumu working the touch-screen computers, I was even more struck by Matsuzawas interactions with the animals. Once, watching Ayumu, I leaned against the Plexiglas to take some photographs. I was not using a flash and thought I was being discreet, almost invisible. But Ayumu jumped up, stretched his arms in display, smacked the Plexiglas and spit at me. He stood just inches from my face. Stay right there, please, Matsuzawa said to me. I was completely safe, but still frightened by Ayumus raw power. As I sat frozen, trying not to react to the serious stink-eye from Ayumu, Matsuzawa slipped a jumpsuit over his clothes and a pair of thick gloves over his hands. With his race car attire in place and what looked like a bathroom scale tucked under one arm, he headed toward an entrance to the chimp enclosure. His staff hit buzzers, and a series of metal gates groaned open, allowing him to enter the booth. Ayumu came right over to him. Sit, commanded Matsuzawa, in English. Be good boy. He pointed to Ayumu and also spoke to him in Japanese. Ayumu took a seat. Matsuzawa and Ayumu played a nonverbal imitation game, with the chimp touching his lips, patting his head and opening his mouth in response to Matsuzawas cues. At one point, when Ayumu realized he was not going to get a treat, he jumped up, and I was convinced he was going to bite Matsuzawa. But Matsuzawa slapped his back and took control, bulleting him with commands to sit, lie down and even climb the wall, each of which Ayumu dutifully obeyed. Then they rolled around on the ground together, wrestling, until Matsuzawa, tired, just flopped into a prone position and rested. When they were done playing, Matsuzawa weighed Ayumu and checked his teeth. He then turned and did the same with Ai. He wiped the floors with paper towels to collect samples of their urine, which hell use to study hormonal levels. For 30 years Ive been with chimpanzees in the same room, and I still have ten fingers, Matsuzawa deadpanned. In addition to running the institute for the past four years, Matsuzawa has operated a field station in Bossou, Guinea, since 1986, where he studies wild chimpanzees. In the primatology world, he is viewed as a top investigator. Tetsuro Matsuzawa is sui generis, a unique primatologist who studies chimpanzees both in captivity and in the wild, generating rigorous, fascinating and important data about our closest evolutionary cousins, says evolutionary biologist Ajit Varki of the University of California at San Diego. Unlike some others in the field, he also has a refreshingly balanced view of human-chimpanzee comparisons. On the one hand he has revealed some remarkable and unexpected similarities between the speciesbut on the other, he is quick to emphasize where the major differences lie. At his field site in West Africa, he has studied everything from the animals social dynamics to their feces (to understand the microbes that live in their intestines). He has focused on a capability that many researchers believe highlights a core difference between chimps and us: how they learn to use tools. To crack nuts, chimps set up a stone anvil, place a nut on it and then smash it with a second stone used as a hammer. Matsuzawa, his former postdoctoral student Dora Biro of Oxford University and others have found that wild chimpanzees at Bossou do not teach the complicated behavior. The definition of teaching is a bit fuzzy, but it requires that three basic conditions be met. The action must come at some cost to the teacher. There must be a goal. And the teacher must use some form of encouragement or disapproval. In Bossou, younger chimpanzees learn how to crack nuts simply by watching. This master-apprenticeship education, which Dutch primatologist Frans de Waal has compared to the way students learn to cut sushi after years of observing master chefs, means that chimpanzee adults do not reward their young when they do something the right way or punish them when they make a mistake. The young learn through trial and error. Chimps eat nuts wherever they find them and wherever they have stones handy, which can make observing the behavior a matter of luckespecially in the forest, where it is often hard to see beyond a few yards. So in 1988 Matsuzawa created an outdoor laboratory in Bossou that has allowed his team to watch hundreds of hours of nut-cracking at close range. For a few months each year, the researchers place numbered stones of specific weights and dimensions on the ground and provide the chimps with piles of oil palm nuts. Then they hide behind a grass screen and watch the site from dawn to dusk, videotaping all chimpanzee visits. If teaching occurred, they would likely have seen it. (There is some evidence of wild chimpanzees teaching nut-cracking in Tai National Park in the Ivory Coast. As Christophe Boeschs team looked on, a chimp mother repositioned a nut on an anvil for her son; in another case, a young chimp handed a hammer to her mother, who rotated the stone into a different position. But its not clear that these actions came at a cost to the mothers, and the behavior occurred only twice in nearly 70 hours of observations of various chimp mothers cracking nuts with children present.) Matsuzawa and his colleagues have documented other types of tool use: the chimpanzees fold leaves to scoop water, fashion a wand from a grass stem to retrieve algae from a pond, dip for ants or honey with sticks and use a pestle to pound the crown of an oil palm tree to extract something similar to heart of palm. Fifty years ago, when Jane Goodall first documented chimpanzees use of tools, it turned dogma on its head, as many anthropologists had argued that this activity was the exclusive domain of humans. Today, its less the tool use itself that interests chimpanzee researchers than the many variations on the theme, and, more importantly, how the animals transmit their skills from one generation to the next. In all the cases of tool use they have studied, Biro says, were not seeing any examples of active teaching. Matsuzawa wants to understand more than what chimpanzees know and can learn. His studies repeatedly bump up against the dividing line that separates us from them, revealing sometimes astonishing differences that ultimately clarify what makes chimps chimpy and humans human. Were both social creatures, we both communicate and we both pass on customs, but humans clearly are more advanced in each of these realms. Matsuzawa says hes hunting for nothing less than the evolutionary basis of the human mind. A few years back, he developed a theory about a fundamental difference between chimpanzees and us that might be at the root of human language. The story starts with a simple gaze. Monkeys rarely look into each others eyes; what is known as a mutual gaze is usually read as a sign of hostility. Many scientists thought that affectionate eye-to-eye contact was uniquely humanuntil Matsuzawa and his colleagues put it to the test with chimps. The birth of Ayumu and two other babies at the Primate Research Institute in a five-month span in 2000 gave Matsuzawa the opportunity to observe mother-infant pairs intensely. The scientists learned that new mothers looked into the eyes of their babies 22 times per hour. And chimp babies, like human infants, communicate by imitation, sticking out their tongues or opening their mouths in response to similar adult human gestures. Because chimps and humans engage in this distinctive behavior but monkeys do not, Matsuzawa asserts that the common ancestor of chimps and humans must also have made eye-to-eye contact between mother and infant, thereby setting the stage for humans to develop our unique language skills. Humans introduced a twist in this evolutionary tale. Chimpanzee babies cling to their mother. But our babies do not cling; mothers must hold their infants or they will fall. It may seem like a small difference, but it changes the way adults and infants interact. Chimpanzees have babies once every four or five years, and those babies are constantly physically close to their mothers. But humans can reproduce more frequently and take care of multiple offspring at once. And a human mother is not the only possible caregiver. We changed the system of rearing children and giving birth, Matsuzawa says. With the assistance of spouse, and grandparents, we are collaborating together to raise children. Because human mothers separate themselves from their babies, human babies have to cry to get attention. Not many people recognize the importance, he says. Human babies cry in the night, but chimpanzee babies never do because mother is always there. This crying is a proto-language of sorts. Add to this the fact that humans are the only primates that can lie on their backs without having to stabilize themselves. Chimpanzee and orangutan infants have to raise one arm and a leg on the opposite sides of their bodies to lie on their backs. They must grasp something. Human babies can stably lie in the supine position, allowing easy face-to-face and hand-gesturing communications to let others know what theyre thinking or feeling. All of these things are interconnected, and from the beginning, Matsuzawa says. The underlying mechanism of communication is completely different between humans and chimpanzees because of the mother-infant relationship. Though Matsuzawas theory is difficult to test, its logical and alluring. What is the definition of humans? he asks. Many people say bipedal locomotion. Decades ago, they said its language, tools, family. No. Everything is incorrect. My understanding is the stabile supine posture, that is completely unique to humans. Muscles, he says, shaped our minds. The list of differences between humans and chimpanzees is long, and the most obvious ones have received intense attention from researchers. We have bigger and more complex brains, full-fledged language and writing, sophisticated tools, the control of fire, cultures that become increasingly complex, permanent structures in which to live and work, and the ability to walk upright and travel far and wide. Matsuzawa and his colleagues are clarifying more subtlebut no less profounddistinctions that often are as simple as how a chimpanzee learns to crack a nut or how a human mother cradles her infant, rocks it to sleep and lays it down for a nights rest. Jon Cohen wrote about stem cells for Smithsonian in 2005. Jensen Walker is a photographer based in Tokyo. Adapted from the book Almost Chimpanzee: Searching for What Makes Us Human, in Rainforests, Labs, Sanctuaries, and Zoos by Jon Cohen, published this month by Times Books, an imprint of Henry Holt and Company, LLC. Copyright  2010 by Jon Cohen. All rights reserved. <N> Abstract Inoue and Matsuzawa (Curr Biol 17: R1004R1005, 2007) showed that with an accuracy of approximately 79%, the juvenile chimpanzee, Ayumu, could recall the position and order of a random subset of five Arabic numerals between one and nine when those numerals were presented for only 210 ms on a computer touch screen before being masked with white squares. None of nine humans working on the same task approached this level of accuracy. Inoue and Matsuzawa (2007) claimed this performance difference was evidence of a memorial capacity in young chimpanzees that was superior to that seen in adult humans. While the between-species performance difference they report is apparent in their data, so too is a large difference in practice on their task: Ayumu had many sessions of practice on their task before terminal performances were measured; their human subjects had none. The present report shows that when two humans are given practice in the Inoue and Matsuzawa (2007) memory task, their accuracy levels match those of Ayumu. <N> Mike Pence claims condoms are too modern, and too liberal. Donald Trumps running mate is a dangerous Christian extremist who wants creationism taught in public schools and believes the government should pay for gay conversion therapy. In addition, in 2015, as Governor of Indiana, Pence allowed an HIV outbreak to spread, choosing prayer over a clean needle exchange. But perhaps one of the most idiotic claims made by Pence is that condoms are too modern, too liberal, and offer a poor defense against sexually transmitted infections and diseases. Pences bizarre and unsubstantiated claims concerning condoms came in 2002, in response to then-Secretary of State Colin Powell saying in an MTV forum that sexually active young people should protect themselves with condoms. At the time Powell said: I think its important for young people, especially, to protect themselves from the possibility of acquiring any sexually transmitted disease, but especially to protect themselves from HIV/AIDS, which is a plague that is upon the face of the earth. In an interview with CNN, while advocating for abstinence only sex education, Pence said Powells call for condom use could mislead millions of young people and put their lives at risk. Pence told CNNs Wolf Blitzer that it was a sad day because Powell had suggested condoms over abstinence: Well, Wolf, I think it was  given the enormous stature that Colin Powell rightly has, not only in America but in the world community  it was a sad day. I dont think any administration has had a worse day since boxers and briefs on MTV. And the truth is that Colin Powell had an opportunity here to reaffirm this presidents commitment to abstinence as the best choice for our young people, and he chose not to do that in the first instance, but  and so I think its very sad. The other part is that, frankly, condoms are a very, very poor protection against sexually transmitted diseases, and in that sense, Wolf, this was  the secretary of state may be inadvertently misleading millions of young people and endangering lives. Pence then went on to suggest that condoms are too modern, and too liberal, for him: The problem is it was too modern of an answer, Wolf. It was  it truly was a modern, liberal answer to a problem that parents like me are facing all over America, and frankly, all over the world. Of course Pence is wrong. His claim that condoms are a very poor protection against sexually transmitted diseases is easy to debunk. The CDC reports: when used consistently and correctly, condoms are highly effective in preventing the sexual transmission of HIV infection and reduce the risk of other STDs. As for condoms being too modern, reports indicate many ancient cultures used some form of condoms, and a famous cave painting in Dordogne, France, shows a man practicing safe sex circa 11,000 B.C. In more contemporary times, rubber replaced animal intestines in condoms around the mid 1800s, and latex replaced rubber in the 1920s. Needless to say, there is nothing modern about condoms. Bottom line: Pence is an ignorant and dangerous religious extremist. By disseminating false and misleading information about condoms, Pence demonstrates that he is willing to endanger the health and welfare of young people in order to promote his demented, right-wing, conservative Christian, puritanical agenda. <N> SEN. JEREMY HUTCHINSON: On lawyer suspension list. On March 8, the Supreme Court suspended the license offor nonpayment of dues. I've sent him a note asking whether he's cleared the matter up. Hutchinson has been practicing law periodically, including for clients he subsequently helped, coincidentally, with legislation. Not that advocating a former client's interest in the Senate is practicing law (though some might find it unseemly). Hutchinson, with a rambunctious former girlfriend who improperly received some of his campaign cash and a losing legal battle over debts owed a campaign consultant, has had a series of personal problems. More fodder for, who has said she'll run against Hutchinson for Senate next year. I wonder: Could Hutchinson take referral work from Texarkana plaintiffs' lawyer John Goodson during a suspension? I don't mean to count as legal work being Goodson's highly valuable advocate for a tort reform proposal that sabotaged the Arkansas State Chamber of Commerce's march to a tough tort reform proposal. On the subject of lawyer dues: Reader Radical Centrist noted on the open line last night that former President Bill Clinton also turned up on the list of Arkansas lawyers suspended March 8 for non-payment of bar dues. The Arkansas Supreme Court record doesn't indicate if he's cleared up the matter and I've sent a query about it. It's not very important. He hasn't been practicing law, being busy with a few other things. He served a five-year suspension that ended in 2006 over testimony he gave in the Whitewater investigations when he became eligible for reinstatement. UPDATE: Dues are payable between Jan. 1 and March 1 each year. Each attorney gets a letter in December as a reminder. If they are not paid, a computer program automatically suspends a license. Judges in the state got the list yesterday of those suspended, which explains the news coming out yesterday. There were about 700 on the list. Renewal requires only payment of dues and a late fee. A spokesman in the Supreme Court clerk's office said Sen. Hutchinson paid his fee this morning and the website will be updated this evening to show he's in good standing. The annual dues are $200 and the late fee is $100. As for Bill Clinton: He never applied for reinstatement of his law license after his five-year suspension and hasn't paid dues since 2000. But his name automatically turns up on the list each year regardless. The list of 700 typically includes the names of many lawyers no longer practicing or dead. A lawyer who practices after a suspension takes effect is practicing without a license. That can potentially have consequences for a client. For example, an attorney might file a pleading in a criminal or civil case that could be held invalid because it wasn't filed by a licensed lawyer. A refiling could come after a statute of limitation had tolled. <N> The Nation As Sanction Looms, Clinton Resigns From High Court Bar Law: The former president could have been prohibited from appearing before the panel because of the Lewinsky scandal. On Oct. 1, the Supreme Court suspended Clinton from practicing before the court and gave him 40 days to show why he should not be disbarred. Clinton's resignation from the Supreme Court bar will have little practical impact. Clinton has not practiced before the Supreme Court and was not expected to argue any cases in the future. "Former President Clinton hereby respectfully requests to resign from the bar of this court," his lawyer, David Kendall, said in a two-page letter to the high court's clerk. Kendall did not elaborate on why Clinton decided to resign. WASHINGTON  Former President Clinton, facing the possibility of being barred from practicing law before the U.S. Supreme Court because of the Monica Lewinsky scandal, has resigned instead, his lawyer said Friday. On Jan. 19, the day before leaving office, Clinton admitted giving false, evasive statements about his relationship with the former White House intern Lewinsky. Under a deal with the independent counsel, Clinton accepted a five-year suspension of his license to practice law in Arkansas and a $25,000 fine. The Arkansas suspension triggered the high court case titled "In the matter of discipline of Bill Clinton." Phil Kent, president of the Southeastern Legal Foundation, a conservative group that brought the initial complaint demanding that Clinton lose his law license, expressed vindication. "Today's decision by Mr. Clinton ensures his place in legal history as the only sitting U.S. president to face disbarment charges and only the second U.S. president to lose his law license," Kent said. Former President Nixon was the other. Kendall had said in October that Clinton would fight disbarment. In the letter filed Friday, Kendall said Clinton had been a member in "good standing" of the Arkansas bar for more than 25 years and had never had public or private professional discipline imposed by any bar. He said Clinton cooperated fully with the Arkansas Supreme Court Committee on Professional Conduct, furnishing all requested information in a timely manner. Kendall said Clinton's conduct did not relate to a criminal conviction or to the practice of law. It occurred as a private party in a civil proceeding, he said. The suspension stemmed from Clinton's answers in response to questions about his relationship with Lewinsky during questioning by lawyers for Paula Jones, who had filed a sexual harassment suit against Clinton. Kendall said Clinton agreed to the suspension and fine "to avoid the burden of litigation for all parties, to achieve an expeditious and definite resolution and in acknowledgment that his actions merited censure." Kendall cited statistics showing that only four of the 570 disciplinary cases considered by the committee in Arkansas from 1985 to 2000 were similar to Clinton's. In those four cases, the committee issued a reprimand or letter of caution, but did not impose suspension or disbarment, Kendall said. <N> Former President Bill Clinton has paid a $25,000 fine that was part of a sanction in which his Arkansas law license was suspended for five years. Mr. Clinton paid the fine with a personal check on March 21, said Marie-Bernarde Miller, the lawyer who handled a disbarment lawsuit brought by a committee of the Arkansas Supreme Court. ''The case is completed,'' Ms. Miller said. On Jan. 19, the last full day of his presidency, Mr. Clinton reached an agreement on the fine and suspension with Robert W. Ray, the independent counsel. Mr. Ray had been investigating whether to charge Mr. Clinton with crimes like perjury and obstruction of justice because of his sworn testimony about his relationship with a White House intern. The agreement ended any criminal liability for Mr. Clinton in the collective matters known as Whitewater, and ended the wide-ranging, $60 million investigation that plagued Mr. Clinton and his wife, now Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, for much of their time in the White House. Advertisement Continue reading the main story The agreement also satisfied a legal effort by the Arkansas Supreme Court Committee on Professional Conduct to disbar Mr. Clinton for giving misleading testimony in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case. No deadline had been set for Mr. Clinton to pay the fine. The fine was intended to cover the committee's cost to pay Ms. Miller and another lawyer involved in bringing the case against Mr. Clinton. <N> Clinton Fined $90,686 for Lying in Paula Jones Case In a 19-page ruling, Wright, a Little Rock, Ark., judge, made clear that she had calculated the penalty to cover expenses incurred by Jones' lawyers as a result of the president's false denials that he had ever been alone or had sex with former White House intern Monica S. Lewinsky. Robert S. Bennett, Clinton's private attorney, said that he would not challenge the ruling. "We accept the judgment of the court and will comply with it." Repeating her condemnation of Clinton for lying under oath in the Paula Corbin Jones sexual harassment lawsuit, U.S. District Judge Susan Webber Wright said that she was imposing the sanction to cover some of Jones' legal expenses and "to deter others who might consider emulating the president's misconduct." WASHINGTON  The federal judge who found President Clinton in contempt of court last April levied a penalty of $90,686 against him Thursday, making him the first chief executive ever assessed such a payment. Legal experts viewed the ruling as fair to the president, especially considering the judge's strong language last spring in excoriating Clinton for "false, misleading and evasive answers that were designed to obstruct the judicial process." "Sanctions are not imposed to punish," the judge said Thursday, "but must be based upon evidence of actual loss." Nonetheless, Wright's final determination in the civil case that led to last year's Lewinsky scandal--and to the president's impeachment by the House and trial in the Senate, which acquitted him, threatens further legal trouble for Clinton. The now-complete federal court record could aid independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr should he decide to pursue criminal prosecution of Clinton before or after he leaves the White House. Besides adding to the taint on Clinton's legacy, Wright's findings also could dim his prospects if, as expected, he chooses to practice law after leaving office. The contempt matter arose from Clinton's deposition taken Jan. 17, 1998, when he was asked if he and Lewinsky had ever been alone together in the Oval Office. "I don't recall," he replied. "It's possible that she . . . while she was working there, brought something to me and that, at the time she brought it to me, she was the only person there. That's possible." He denied having sexual relations with Lewinsky or ever being alone with her in a hallway outside the Oval Office. In his grand jury testimony on Aug. 17, 1998, Clinton asserted that he had not lied in the Jones deposition. That evening, however, in a nationally televised speech, he acknowledged that he had "inappropriate intimate contact" with Lewinsky. White House lawyers later said that the contacts had occurred in the hallway outside the Oval Office. The judge's unchallenged contempt ruling already was being reviewed by the Arkansas Supreme Court's Committee on Professional Conduct. This panel, which includes two non-lawyer citizens, could revoke or suspend Clinton's license to practice law. Clinton is a licensed attorney in Arkansas--but no other state--and is a former law professor. Wright, in figuring Clinton's monetary penalty, disregarded as "excessive" a demand by Jones' lawyers in Texas and Virginia for a court-imposed payment of nearly $500,000--more than five times the amount she selected. Noting that Clinton made an out-of-court payment of $850,000 to Jones and her lawyers in November to settle the case, Wright said that "it is appropriate to limit fees and expenses to those incurred" through extra legal work that resulted from his contempt-of-court conduct when he lied in his January 1998 deposition. <N> WASHINGTON  - Paula Jones is awaiting the arrival of an $850,000 cheque from President Clinton, bringing an official end to the four-year saga spurred by her allegations of sexual harassment. Clinton mailed the settlement cheque to Mrs. Jones on Tuesday, even as he braced for the heaviest fallout yet from her harassment suit - an impeachment trial in the Senate. To finance the settlement, the president drew about $375,000 from his and Hillary Rodham Clinton's personal funds and got the rest of the money, about $475,000, from an insurance policy, a White House official told The Associated Press. "This ends it. The check is being Fed-Exed" to Bill McMillan, one of Mrs. Jones' lawyers, said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. The official said the personal funds were drawn from the Clintons' blind trust, which was valued in their financial disclosure statement at between $1 million and about $5 million. None of the money was drawn from Clinton's legal defense fund, which raises money from private citizens to defray his legal bills, the official said. How much of that money Mrs. Jones will see is still at issue. As the settlement was reached in November, Mrs. Jones faced an outstanding claim by Joseph Cammarata and Gilbert Davis, the two lawyers who quit her case last year and filed an $800,000 lien against any settlement in order to collect legal fees. "I don't think it's been decided yet" how much Mrs. Jones will receive, said her friend and adviser, Susan Carpenter McMillan Tuesday night. "We did hear they are sending out the check. We hope to receive it soon." Mrs. Jones' lawsuit brought to light the president's affair with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky and set in motion a criminal investigation that resulted in a historic House vote last month to impeach Clinton. The president files his trial brief today, and House prosecutors on Thursday will begin presenting to the Senate their case that the president obstructed justice in the Jones lawsuit and lied about it before a federal grand jury. Clinton reached a settlement with Mrs. Jones on November 13 after four years of litigation. Under that settlement, Clinton didn't admit any wrongdoing or apologize and simply agreed to make a cash settlement to Mrs. Jones, a former Arkansas state worker. Mrs. Jones alleged that Clinton, when he was governor of Arkansas, made a crude advance in a room at a Little Rock hotel in 1991. Clinton has steadfastly denied her accusation. Clinton testified in that lawsuit on January 17, 1998, and during questioning about his relationships with other women, denied he had "sexual relations" with Ms. Lewinsky. Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr got permission to investigate whether Clinton was trying to obstruct the lawsuit. Clinton was forced to acknowledge a relationship with Ms. Lewinsky in testimony before a federal grand jury last August. Starr's investigation led to a referral to the House of Representatives accusing Clinton of several criminal acts. U.S. District Judge Susan Webber Wright dismissed the lawsuit last April 1, ruling that Mrs. Jones' allegations, even if true, wouldn't qualify as a case of sexual harassment. An appeal of that dismissal was pending before a federal appeals court when the settlement was reached. <N> %PDF-1.4 % 1 0 obj <> /Font <1 94 0 R >> /ExtGState <1 100 0 R >> >> >> endobj 2 0 obj <> stream H*T043P0 BC=K=`e`  N endstream endobj 3 0 obj <> stream  JFIF    @(#) Generated by TJ++  C $ #," '.0,)7(44418=9'.<2432 C 2!!22222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222     } !1AQa"q2#BR$3br %&'()*456789:CDEFGHIJSTUVWXYZcdefghijstuvwxyz   w !1AQaq"2B #3Rbr $4%&'()*56789:CDEFGHIJSTUVWXYZcdefghijstuvwxyz  ?  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  [' P@ P@ P@ P@ P@;i.-0 (  (  (  (   (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  I99ohz (  (  (  (  ( P P@ P@ P@ P@  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (   :  (  (  (  (  (%@ P@ P@ P@ P@ (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@;i.-0 (  (  (  (   (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@;jWP (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@;jWP (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  eh P@ P@ P@ P@ P ZKL (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  oyohj (  (  (  (  (   P@ P@ P@ P@  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ I (  (  (  (  ( (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@$L (  (  (  ( ? (  9 (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  ( > (  (  (  (  (  P= P@ P@ P@ P@ PI S  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ I (  (  (  (  ( (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  P= P@ P@ P@ P@ _EMAIL_ (  (  (  (   (C@@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ WPb (  (  (  (  (zH@ P@ P@ P@ P@ (   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ 4= P@ P@ P@ P@ P ZH@ P@ P@ P@ P@ (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  _  X (  (  (  (  AIuiP@ P@ P@ P@ P ( _EMAIL_ (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  B   P@ P@ P@ P@ P@;i.-0 (  (  (  (   (  izd  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  P= P@ P@ P@ P@ P ZH@ P@ P@ P@ P@ (  o h P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ _EMAIL_ _  (  (  (  (  ($  (  (  (  (  (  g>( P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ P@ _EMAIL_ _  (  (  (  (  ($  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  ( Gi}memwg4I$U qJ %[:Tm[ &=@kZfmfsP3( P@ P@ dxS4]&SiG*4V84_":Dzkh,K&6gv fx -6+nD`YF}(_:(7=2(J (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  ( , / O@ P@ P@ P@ P@ $  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (2 N *Jh /&Sn._cRuetm|YpTavy _ j ]uFk7F)7#y_|Sq]"_u!UU 6>bxhGUCgxoW0[ZG-aqy! 6H`NO <N> Dick Baker came to Washington in 1968 to join the Legislative Reference Service. He later served briefly as Senate curator and then became director of research for the Government Research Corporation. When the Senate established the Historical Office in 1975. Baker accepted the position of Senate historian. During Dick Baker's tenure as historian (1975-2009) the Historical Office grew from a small staff of three historians and a secretary in the attic of the Capitol Building to a nine-person office of historians, researchers, editors, and archivists with an office in the Hart Senate Office Building. As the collector and keeper of the institution's memory, the Senate Historical Office, under Baker's leadership, quickly earned a reputation for providing professional, non-partisan service. In this oral history interview, Baker recalls the challenges and triumphs he and his staff experienced during the Historical Office's first 30 years. <N> Title appears as it is written on the item. A broadside condemning the sale and keeping of slaves in the District of Columbia. The work was issued during the 1835-36 petition campaign, waged by moderate abolitionists led by Theodore Dwight Weld and buttressed by Quaker organizations, to have Congress abolish slavery in the capital. The text contains arguments for abolition and an accounting of atrocities of the system. At the top are two contrasting scenes: a view of the reading of the Declaration of Independence, captioned "The Land of the Free," with a scene of slaves being led past the capitol by an overseer, entitled "The Home of the Oppressed." Between them is a plan of Washington with insets of a suppliant slave (see "Am I Not a Man and a Brother?" no. 1837- ) and a fleeing slave with the legend "$200 Reward" and implements of slavery. On the next line are views of the jail in Alexandria, the jail in Washington with the "sale of a free citizen to pay his jail fees," and an interior of the Washington jail with imprisoned slave mother Fanny Jackson and her children. On the bottom level are an illustration of slaves in chains emerging from the slave house of J.W. Neal & Co. (left), a view of the Alexandria waterfront with a ship loading slaves (center), and a view of the slave establishment of Franklin & Armfield in Alexandria. The Library of Congress generally does not own rights to material in its collections and, therefore, cannot grant or deny permission to publish or otherwise distribute the material. For further rights information, see "Rights Information" below and the Rights and Restrictions Information page ( _LINKS_ ). Rights Advisory : No known restrictions on publication. : Reproduction Number : LC-DIG-ppmsca-19705 (digital file from original print) LC-USZ62-40900 (b&w film copy neg.) : Call Number : Broadside Collection, portfolio 118, no. 26 c-Rare Bk Coll : Medium: 1 print : letterpress with nine wood-engravings ; 64.2 x 48.5 cm (sheet) Rights assessment is your responsibility. If an image is displaying, you can download it yourself. (Some images display only as thumbnails outside the Library of Congress because of rights considerations, but you have access to larger size images on site.) Alternatively, you can purchase copies of various types through Library of Congress Duplication Services. If a digital image is displaying: The qualities of the digital image partially depend on whether it was made from the original or an intermediate such as a copy negative or transparency. If the Reproduction Number field above includes a reproduction number that starts with LC-DIG..., then there is a digital image that was made directly from the original and is of sufficient resolution for most publication purposes. If there is information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can use the reproduction number to purchase a copy from Duplication Services. It will be made from the source listed in the parentheses after the number. If only black-and-white ("b&w") sources are listed and you desire a copy showing color or tint (assuming the original has any), you can generally purchase a quality copy of the original in color by citing the Call Number listed above and including the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request. If there is no information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can generally purchase a quality copy through Duplication Services. Cite the Call Number listed above and include the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request. Price lists, contact information, and order forms are available on the Duplication Services Web site. <N> This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form. AMY GOODMAN: Vice President-elect Joe Biden also spoke at Sundays pre-inaugural concert. That was, rather, the Lincoln Memorial. He also spoke right there. In his address, he spoke about the historic monuments and structures surrounding the crowd in Washington, D.C. and paid homage to those who built them. VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT JOE BIDEN: As I traveled across this land, I see a country built by men and women who believe in the dignity of work, who take pride in providing for their families and measure their lives by the honest efforts they have made. Look around you. Look at the grace and grandeur that surrounds us, and youll see the work of American hands: the memorials, the fountains, the marble domes, and the soaring towers, representing the majesty of a great nation, all built, stone by stone, by American men and women. And let me tell you, we owe them. We owe them the chance to go to work each day knowing they have the thanks of a grateful nation. AMY GOODMAN: What Vice President-elect Joe Biden didnt mention is that many of those buildings were built by slaves. Indeed, as the first African American president in US history, Barack Obama and his wife Michelle and two daughters, Malia and Sasha, will be taking up residence in the White House, a house built by slaves. Michelle Obama and her daughters are descendants of slaves. The Capitol, too, was built by slaves, as was the Supreme Court. Last night, I spoke with AP reporter Jesse Holland. Hes the author of Black Men Built the Capitol: Discovering African-American History In and Around Washington, D.C. JESSE HOLLAND: Standing out there in front of the US Capitol will be Barack Obama, who will become the most powerful man in the United States, an African American president. But he is going to be standing in front of a building that was created and built by some of the least powerful people in the United States: African American slaves. Through research, weve been able to determine that just about 400 of the more than 600 people who worked on the construction of the Capitol were African American slaves. Maybe another fifty or so were African American freedmen. These are people who had their papers to signify that they were free. So the entire building, the center of democracy in the United States, was created by African American slaves. AMY GOODMAN: And the documents that prove this? JESSE HOLLAND: The reason why we know this for a fact is because the federal government rented slaves from plantations in Virginia, Maryland and in the District of Columbia. The government had to write receipts for the use of these slaves, and those receipts still exist at the National Archives in the Library of Congress. Through meticulous searching through those archives, weve been able to determine, almost precisely, that just about 400 of the workers who created the US Capitol were slaves. AMY GOODMAN: The year? JESSE HOLLAND: This was in the  the construction of the Capitol began in the early 1700s, and it finished directly before the Civil War. Actually, one of the better stories comes at that time directly before the Civil War. To complete the Capitol, they wanted to put a statue on top of the Capitol Dome, and an American art student in Paris wins the competition and creates the Statue of Freedom, a statue that today sits on top of the Dome. He takes a picture of the statue, and he sends it back to the United States, and it wins the competition. But the person in charge of the construction of the Capitol at that time was the secretary of war, Jefferson Davis of Mississippi, who would go on to be the president of the Confederacy. Well, when Jefferson Davis saw the picture of the Statue of Freedom, he threatened to cancel the entire project. The reason why is because Thomas Crawford, the art student who created the Statue of Freedom, had placed on top of the Statue of Freedom what was called a liberty cap. Well, Jefferson Davis was a student of Roman history, and he knew what a liberty cap signified. What a liberty cap tells the world is that that person wearing the liberty cap is a freed slave. So what Thomas Crawford wanted to put on top of the Capitol was a statue of a freed slave. But when Jefferson Davis sees this, he goes ballistic. He says he is not going to put a picture  a statue of a freed slave on top of the US Capitol. And he tells Thomas Crawford that you either change the statue, or were going to cancel the entire project. Well, Crawford is an art student, and he needed the commission money. But the only thing he did was he took off the liberty cap and put on an American eagle helmet. So when most people look at that Statue of Freedom, when they see the Statue of Freedom behind Barack Obama on Inauguration Day, most people are going to think that thats a statue of a Native American. No, its actually a statue of a freed slave with an American eagle helmet on top. AMY GOODMAN: Who was Philip Reid? JESSE HOLLAND: That same story continues. Philip Reid was an African American slave from Charleston, South Carolina. He was brought up to Washington, D.C. by his master, Clark Mills, who was a famous ironworker in Washington, D.C. We know Clark Mills today, because he was commissioned and created the statue of General Lafayette that sits in front of the White House, which is why the park in front of the White House is known as Lafayette Park. Well, he buys Philip Reid out of Charleston, South Carolina and brings him up to Washington, D.C. Clark Mills gets the contract to bronze the Statue of Freedom. Well, when Thomas Crawford finally gets the completed finished designs for the Statue of Freedom, he creates a life-size model out of plaster. He takes apart this plaster model into five different pieces, and he puts it on a ship for America. Now, unfortunately, Thomas Crawford dies before the statue reaches American shores. But luckily, he had put on that ship with the Statue of Freedom an Italian workman, whose only job was to take these five pieces of the statue apart and put the pieces back together and not break them, because they were made out of plaster. Well, the statue comes across the Atlantic, up the Potomac, and is put together in the space between the Capitol and where the Supreme Court is now. And people from all around Washington, D.C. come to the Capitol, and they see this plaster model, this eighty-foot plaster model of what the Statue of Freedom is going to look like. And everyone goes, Ooh! Aah! What a wonderful statue! Well, its at this point the Italian workman has an idea. He tells the Capitol commissioners that the person who created this statue is dead. So you cant make another copy of it. Theres only one person on this entire continent who knows how to take this plaster statue apart without breaking it, and thats him. So he tells the government that if they dont pay him three times his agreed-upon wages, hes going to refuse to take the statue back apart. Well, the government didnt take well to that ultimatum. So they decided that they would just let that statue sit on the ground between the Capitol and the Supreme Court. Well, Clark Mills had won the contract to bronze the Statue of Freedom, so he really needed to get that statue, that plaster model apart without breaking it. So he asked around, and the only person who had the skills to take that plaster statue apart was Philip Reid. What he did was he tied a rope to the top of the statue, and he threw the rope over the top of a tall tree, and he put three or four strong men at the end of the rope and told them to pull. As the statue slowly rose off the ground, the four separators between the five pieces opened just a crack, and they were able to see inside the statue and figure out how to take it apart without breaking it. So, if not for an African American slave named Philip Reid, the Statue of Freedom might still be sitting on the ground between the Capitol and the Supreme Court. But the story doesnt even end there. Clark Mills gets those five pieces of the Statue of Freedom out to his foundry in Bladensburg, Maryland. Now, his job was to get this statue bronzed by the time construction on the Capitol was complete. So he had a deadline. The controversy with the Italian workman had lost him a lot of time off of his schedule. So its now a rush job. So thats when the foreman of the foundry, of Clark Mills foundry, has an idea. He says, Mr. Mills, you now have to get this job done quickly, and you have to get it done right. And the only person who could run this foundry the way it should be run, and the only person who can get this job done the way it should be done is me. So, Mr. Mills, youre going to pay me three times my agreed-upon salary. So what did Clark Mills do? He fires him. And then he looks around and says, Who can run this factory  who can run this foundry the way it should be run? Who can get this job done on time? Who can lead these ironworkers into bronzing this statue? The only person he could find to do it correctly was, once again, Philip Reid. So an African American slave was the person put in charge of bronzing the Statue of Freedom. Now, thats irony for you: a slave is a person in charge of bronzing the Statue of Freedom thats going on top of the Capitol. And, well, the job was done on time and under budget. AMY GOODMAN: Jesse Holland is an Associated Press reporter. Were going to come back to his description of Washington, D.C. and who built it. His new book is called Black Men Built the Capitol: Discovering African-American History In and Around Washington, D.C. Stay with us. [break] AMY GOODMAN: We continue with the Associated Press reporter who joined us in studio last night to describe Washington, D.C. Jesse Holland is author of Black Men Built the Capitol: Discovering African-American History In and Around Washington D.C. AMY GOODMAN: Jesse Holland, before we get to the White House and who built the White House, you mentioned the Supreme Court. And youre going to be, in the next few days, Associated Presss Supreme Court correspondent. JESSE HOLLAND: Thats right. AMY GOODMAN: But can you tell us who built the Supreme Court? JESSE HOLLAND: Now, where the Supreme Court sits today used to be a building called the Old Brick Capitol. Now, the connection between African Americans and the Supreme Court is this. The slave market in Washington, D.C. was so robust before the Civil War that slave owners in the District of Columbia didnt have enough space to keep the slaves they were buying and selling. So what they did was they rented public jail space. Now, after the War of 1812, the Capitol was burned. Congress built a new capitol in Washington, D.C. called the Old Brick Capitol. That building sat exactly where the Supreme Court is now. Well, after the Capitol was rebuilt, Congress moved back across the street into their own building, and the Old Brick Capitol was turned into a public jail. So, African American slaves were kept in jail cells on the site that the Supreme Court sits on today. The highest court in the land sits on a spot where African American slaves were kept in jail as they were waiting to be sold. AMY GOODMAN: Because their so-called owners rented the space? JESSE HOLLAND: They rented public jail space and held African American slaves in those spaces. AMY GOODMAN: And this auction, this market of human beings, was on what is now the National Mall? JESSE HOLLAND: There are several sites on the National Mall where African American slaves were bought and sold. For example, directly in between where the Department of Education sits today and where the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum is now used to be a slave market called Robeys Tavern. Just a block or so toward the Tidal Basin from there was another one called the Yellow House. The reason why we know those two were there is because an African American free man from New York came down to Washington on vacation and was kidnapped and sold as a slave in the Yellow House, which was in that area between the Robeys Tavern and  the Robeys Tavern and the Yellow House were the two slave markets that were between the Department of Education and the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum. He was sold down to New Orleans as a slave, but six years later he escaped back up north and ends up writing his autobiography, where he tells about the slave markets that were on the National Mall within sight of the US Capitol. They were all  you can just go all up and down the Mall. Where the National Archives sits, right on the parade route for the inauguration tomorrow, was another slave market, where African Americans were sold. On the Tidal Basin, where everyone comes in the springtime to see all the cherry blossoms, there were slave markets all in Potomac Park. So as you go all up and down the National Mall, you walk across sites where African American slaves were bought and sold. AMY GOODMAN: Jesse Holland, were about to see the First Family, the first African American family, take up residence in the White House. A house built by slaves? JESSE HOLLAND: A house built by African American slaves. Pierre LEnfant, the person who designed Washington, D.C., included in his original plans a Congress house, which is the Capitol, and the Presidents house, which is the White House. Pierre LEnfant went to the city commissioners and asked them to find him some African American slaves to dig the foundation that the White House sits on today. African American slaves sawed the lumber. They baked the bricks. They quarried the marble. James Hoban, the actual architect of the White House, brought up with him from South Carolina some of his own personal slaves that were used in building the building. The reason why we know this is because James Hoban paid himself for the use of his own slaves on his project and wrote himself receipts. So this is why we know that these workers - AMY GOODMAN: So he charged the government for their labor. JESSE HOLLAND: He charged the government for the labor of his own slaves on a project he was getting paid for. So this is why we know African American slaves were used outside the White House. African American slaves were also used inside the White House, starting from Thomas Jefferson up until just about the Civil War. African American slaves were used as domestic staff inside the White House, from their slave-owning presidents. They didnt want to pay a White House domestic staff, so they would just bring slaves from their plantations to live inside the White House. In fact, whats now known as the first floor of the White House used to be the basement. There used to be a slave quarters there. So where the oval diplomatic room is in the White House today, used to be slave quarters. AMY GOODMAN: And how did it get changed? JESSE HOLLAND: Well, the White House was completely burned in the War of 1812. So a lot of the original work that was done on the White House by African American slaves has been lost. Now, we believe that African American slaves were also used in the reconstruction of the White House, but we have not found any receipts to prove this. But we know they were used in the original construction. But we only believe they were used in the reconstruction after the War of 1812. We just cant prove it. AMY GOODMAN: Who was Paul Jennings? JESSE HOLLAND: Paul Jennings. Paul Jennings was one of those slaves who actually lived inside the White House. He was the property of James Madison. Now - AMY GOODMAN: President Madison. JESSE HOLLAND: President James Madison. Now, its because of Paul Jennings that we know the legend of Dolly Madison pulling down the painting of George Washington and fleeing before the British arrived is not true. Paul Jennings actually wrote an autobiography, one of the first tell-all books about White House life. And in his book, Paul Jennings says an African American slave and a white gardener, who lived and worked in the White House, were the people who actually saved the painting of George Washington from the British troops from being burned in the White House with British troops. Paul Jennings also was one of the instigators and one of the leaders of one of the mass  one of the largest mass slave escapes in United States history. After the Madisons  after President James Madison died, and his wife, Dolly Madison, was left behind, she sold Paul Jennings to Senator Daniel Webster. Jennings continued to live in Washington, D.C. And he was the ringleader of a group of African American slaves and African American freedmen and freedwomen who got together and found  and found about seventy African American slaves, organized them and put them on a ship called the Pearl and escaped Washington, D.C., up the Potomac toward Point Lookout, Maryland. Unfortunately for them, the Pearl was a wind-powered ship, and when they got to the mouth of the Potomac, the wind died. Well, they had made their escape in the dead of night. When morning came, the slave owners found out that their slaves were missing. And they got on a steam-powered ship and got after them and corralled them and caught all of these slaves in Point Lookout, Maryland, and brought them back to Washington, D.C. Well, everyone on the ship, whether they were a African American freedman or an African American slave, was sold South. But luckily for Paul Webster, he wasnt on the ship. At the very last second, he decided that since he had made an agreement with Daniel Webster to work for him a certain amount of years, and perhaps then he would be able to buy his freedom, he decided that to escape would be breaking his word. So as the Pearl was getting ready to leave Washington, D.C., Paul Jennings gets off, goes back to Daniel Websters house, finds the letter that he had written to Senator Webster telling him his plans for escape and destroys it. So, Paul Jennings was able to escape detection in the escape of the Pearl and was one of the ringleaders in trying to buy some of those African American free families and some of the slave families back from the South after they were sent there. AMY GOODMAN: Thomas Jefferson? JESSE HOLLAND: Well, Thomas Jefferson was actually the first US president to bring slaves inside the White House here in Washington. Now, George Washington also owned slaves, and he also kept slaves in the Presidents house in Philadelphia and in New York, where the government was operating from during his time. But Thomas Jefferson was the first president to actually hold slaves inside the White House. Well, he wanted the very first White House chef to be a former slave, a man - AMY GOODMAN: Chef? The White House chef? JESSE HOLLAND: The very first White House chef to be a former slave, and that was a man by the name of James Hemings. Well, James Hemings was the brother of Sally Hemings, the alleged mistress of Thomas Jefferson. AMY GOODMAN: And she was enslaved by him. JESSE HOLLAND: She was enslaved - his sister was enslaved by Thomas Jefferson. Well, James Hemings also used to be enslaved by Thomas Jefferson. When Jefferson originally went to Paris as an ambassador from the United States, he took James Hemings with him. So, in Paris, Hemings learned how to cook French cuisine, and he became an expert at it. So when Jefferson comes back to America, James Hemings gets the reputation of being an excellent chef at French cuisine. So not only did he cook at Monticello, he starts cooking for other plantations and eventually earns enough money to buy his freedom. Jefferson would only let him buy his freedom on one condition, and that was, James Hemings had to teach someone else at Monticello how to cook French cuisine. So he takes one of his own brothers, teaches him how to cook French cuisine, and then James Hemings buys his freedom and moves to Baltimore. Well, eventually, Thomas Jefferson becomes president. And he remembers the fine French food that James Hemings cooked. And he sends for him and tells him that he wants him to be the very first White House chef. Hemings says no, because at this time Thomas Jefferson is still holding the majority of James Hemingss family in slavery. And if he had moved into the White House, James Hemings would have been the only free black man working on a staff made up of just about all African American slaves. So James Hemings tells Thomas Jefferson, No, I refuse. I dont want to come work for you. So, Jefferson goes out and hires a white French chef. So, if you look at Thomas Jeffersons original White House staff, you have one white chef, and the rest of them are African American slaves. Thats how the tradition of having black domestic workers in the White House began. AMY GOODMAN: And though I said that the Obamas are the first presidential family  African American presidential family, theyre not the first black family to live in the White House. JESSE HOLLAND: No, from the very beginning of the White House, African American slaves have lived on the White House grounds. Now, the very first president to live there, John Adams, did not hold slaves. In fact, he was a staunch abolitionist. But Thomas Jefferson comes a few years after John Adams and brings in an entire staff of African American slaves. So does James Madison. And the list just goes on and on from there. I believe twelve of the first maybe fourteen presidents to live in the White House held African American slaves there. Almost all the way up until the Civil War, when slaves were freed in the District of Columbia, African Americans worked as butlers, they worked as maids, they worked as gardeners. They worked every domestic job that weve been able to look at so far in the White House, except the chief management positions, which were held by white aides. But all of the other domestic jobs at the beginning of the White House were held by African American slaves, who not only worked there, they also lived there in quarters inside the White House. AMY GOODMAN: You write that in 1806, two of Thomas Jeffersons slaves had a child in the White House? JESSE HOLLAND: The very first child to be born in the White House was a grandson - I mean, a grandnephew of Thomas Jefferson. The second child - AMY GOODMAN: This is ever  a child in the White House? JESSE HOLLAND: Ever, ever. The second child ever to be born inside the White House was the child of two of Thomas Jeffersons slaves. Unfortunately, this child did not live long, because  probably because of the medical condition that slaves were kept in at that time. But the second child to ever be born inside the White House was an African American. AMY GOODMAN: And Sally Hemings had children by Thomas Jefferson. JESSE HOLLAND: But we have not been able to definitively prove that Sally Hemings was ever inside the White House. And relatives of Thomas Jefferson also dispute whether those are actually Thomas Jeffersons children, even though Sally Hemingss relatives say they are. AMY GOODMAN: And the grounds of Arlington National Cemetery? JESSE HOLLAND: Thats one of the greatest stories about Washington, D.C. There actually used to be an African American town right on the outskirts of Washington, D.C. When General Robert E. Lee accepted the command of the Confederate forces, he had to leave his home in Arlington, Virginia. His home was actually where Arlington National Cemetery sits today. Well, when Robert E. Lee leaves Arlington for Richmond, Virginia, the federal government confiscates his land. And the way they ensured that Robert E. Lee would never come back is they started burying Union and Confederate soldiers in Robert E. Lees front yard. Thats how Arlington National Cemetery got its start. Well, another thing the federal government did was they gave a part of that land to the freed slaves who used to work for General Lee. So these slaves took that land and started up their own town, and they called it Freedmans Village. These slaves opened up their own hospitals. They opened up their own stores. They opened up their own schools. Eventually, the work they did was so impressive, other African American slaves who had been freed by the Civil War move up to Washington, D.C. And Freedmans Village gets bigger and bigger and becomes more and more famous. In fact, one of the people who moved into Freedmans Village was Sojourner Truth, the famous African American abolitionist. Well, the Civil War eventually ends, and Lees family sues the United States government for the return of their land. They fight it out in court for a while, and the government finally decides theyre going to settle. But what they did after they settled was they kicked off all of the African Americans who lived in Freedmans Village, paid the population of the entire town $75 for it  $75,000 for all of the work they had done and then destroyed it, destroyed the entire town. They razed the homes, the churches, the schools. They destroyed everything. So, today, there is very little in Arlington National Cemetery to signify that Freedmans Village was ever there, except one thing. While the government could destroy the homes, they could destroy the schools, they could destroy the churches, but one thing the government couldnt do was dig up the people that they had already buried. So, today, in Arlington National Cemetery, if you go over to Section 27  its the section thats nearest to the Iwo Jima Memorial  youll see that that section is all African American and all freed slaves. If you look at the tombstones, a lot of them only have one name on them. Here lies George. One will say, Here was Andrea. One will say, Child of John, because some of the people, when they died, they didnt even know who they were. But they buried them there, because, at that point, they were free citizens of the United States. Every tombstone says either citizen or civilian, because when they died, they were free men and free women. AMY GOODMAN: Jesse Holland is author of Black Men Built the Capitol: Discovering African-American History In and Around Washington, D.C. It is January 20th, 2009. The nation is about to inaugurate the forty-fourth president of the United States, the first African American president of the United States. And then his family will move into the White House later today. They will move into the White House built by slaves. Barack Obamas wife, Michelle Obama, and his daughters, Malia and Sasha, are descendants of slaves. [break] AMY GOODMAN: Bono and U2 at the foot of the Lincoln Memorial on Sunday in the pre-inaugural concert. About half-a-million people packed into the Mall between the Lincoln Memorial and the Washington Monument. This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, the War and Peace Report. We are broadcasting live from Washington on this day that ends the Bush administration and inaugurates the administration of Barack Hussein Obama. Im Amy Goodman, joined by Pulitzer Prize-winning author, poet, activist, Alice Walker. Her most recent book is We Are the Ones We Have Been Waiting for: Inner Light in a Time of Darkness, she, too, a descendant of slaves. As you listened to Jesse Holland describe the geography, the architecture, the history of this country, Alice, can you talk about your thoughts on this historic day? ALICE WALKER: Well, one of the things that I think about is how I feel that my people were actually not slaves  they were enslaved, and they were still people  and that many of them were determined to be free, no matter how many fetters were placed on their necks and legs and wrists. It is incredibly moving to hear Jesse Holland, and I am so grateful that he has preserved this history for us, because it brings us even closer to our ancestors, the people who worked so hard to make so many things of beauty and durability and the people who worked with so much faith and hope and humor, so that today, when we look around us, we can feel more at home in this world. When you dont have the history, there is always the possibility of not knowing whether you belong. So we know and feel that we belong when we hear him and we hear the history of our ancestors. AMY GOODMAN: As were speaking today, Alice, outside, well, its expected there will be about two million people. Were going to show live images now of the crowds outside. Were getting reports from subway stations, from the Capitol, from many different places right now, of lines, mass lines even around the block just to get into a subway station. There are performances around the city. People are trying to get in who have tickets. And, of course, there are well over a million people who dont have tickets, who have just come to be a part of this, which I think is very exciting, because in this TV era, when perhaps you can see it better on television, still people want to be a part. Maybe we can call it the post-couch potato age. They want to be a part of something bigger than themselves, which may point to what people will do next, actually being engaged in activism, Alice. ALICE WALKER: Well, I do. I think that people see that they can change things, that they can come together and make something very large, especially when theyre feeling individually that theyre very small and asking the question always, What can I do? You know, Im only one person. But we see now that we can elect a black man as president of the United States. And, in a way, everything after that is, you know, a challenge, but it can be done. <N> Construction on the President's House began in 1792 in Washington, D.C., a new capital situated in sparsely settled region far from a major population center. The decision to place the capital on land ceded by two pro-slavery states-Virginia and Maryland-ultimately influenced the acquisition of laborers to construct its public buildings. The D.C. commissioners, charged by Congress with building the new city under the direction of the president, initially planned to import workers from Europe to meet their labor needs. However, response to recruitment was dismal and soon they turned to African Americansboth enslaved and freeto provide the bulk of labor that built the White House, the United States Capitol, and other early government buildings. <N> 2015 Ford F-150. Ford said its popular F-Series pickups totaled 780,354 trucks in 2015  making it Americas best-selling pickup for 39 consecutive years and best-selling vehicle for 34 straight years. (Photo: Ford) The U.S. auto industry sold more cars and trucks in 2015 than ever before, with Detroit automakers reporting their best sales since the mid-2000s and several foreign manufacturers posting all-time records. Led by sales of pickups, sport utility vehicles and crossovers, automakers sold 17.47 million vehicles last year  besting the previous record of 17.41 million set in 2000 and posting a 5.7 percent gain from 2014, according to Autodata Corp. The record was closer than many analysts expected, as December sales came in slightly less than many projected. Low gas prices certainly helped put money in peoples pockets, which goes along with the overall feeling good about the economy, and led to all the SUV and truck purchases this year, said Jessica Caldwell, director of industry analysis for Edmunds.com. It was really the year of the SUV. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV and Ford Motor Co. reported their best annual U.S. sales since 2005 and 2006, respectively, while General Motors Co. had its best year since 2007. Other automakers  Honda Motor Co., Nissan Motor Co., Hyundai Motor Co., Kia Motors Corp., BMW Group and Subaru  recorded all-time records. Industry observers expect the 2015 record to be eclipsed this year. GM was the U.S. industrys sales leader last year, selling nearly 3.1 million vehicles, up 5 percent. Ford sold 2.6 million, up 5.3 percent. Fiat Chrysler sold more than 2.2 million, up 7.3 percent from 2014. Topping the sales charts in 2015 was Fords F-Series with 780,354 sold. That made it Americas best-selling pickup for 39 consecutive years and the best-selling vehicle for 34 straight years. The Ford brand remained the best-selling brand in the United States for a sixth-straight year, with more than 2.5 million cars and trucks sold. Toyota Motor Corp.s midsize Camry sedan was the best-selling car for a 14th consecutive year, with sales at 429,355, level with 2014. 2015 was a standout year, Bill Fay, group vice president and general manager of the Toyota Division, told reporters in a call Tuesday. Toyota sold nearly 2.5 million vehicles last year, up 5.3 percent. There was little market share shift in 2015. GM led with 17.6 percent (down 0.2 percent), followed by Ford (14.9 percent), Toyota (14.3 percent) and Fiat Chrysler (12.8 percent) keeping their top spots from 2014. No automaker gained or lost more than 0.2 percentage points of market share from 2014 to 2015. Sales last month set a December record at 1.64 million, up 9 percent year-over-year, as buyers took advantage of five selling weekends and two additional sales days vs. December 2014. Some analysts expected December to top 1.7 million and come close to the industry monthly record of more than 1.8 million set in July 2005. Trucks, SUVs continue surge 2015 marked the fifth time in six years that light-duty trucks, including some SUVs and crossovers, outsold cars. Trucks accounted for 55.7 percent, or 9.7 million, of vehicles sold last year, up more than 1.1 million from 2014. Thats the segments highest percentage since 2004, according to Autodata Corp. The shift in consumer preferences amid low gas prices hurt car sales; their numbers declined by more than 177,000 from the year before. Low interest rates and low gas prices provided Christmas presents to most carmakers, as the 2015 sales year ended with a bang, said Jack R. Nerad, Kelley Blue Book executive editorial director and executive market analyst. KBB reports that even though pickups from Detroit automakers were the three best-selling vehicles in 2015, small SUVs now lead the overall industry in market share. National Automobile Dealers Association chief economist Steven Szakaly expects automakers to increase buyer incentives on cars this year by at least 10 percent, as demand for pickups, crossovers and SUVs continues to rise. He expects sales of trucks to increase to 57 percent of the industry this year. More good news for 2016 Many industry analysts expect 2016 new-vehicle sales to top 2015, which would make for a second-consecutive year of record sales and a seventh-consecutive year of annual increases. Expectations from industry analysts range between 17.5 million and 18 million or more, as favorable factors such as low fuel prices, a rebounding labor market and consumer confidence continue. In terms of the macroeconomic environment, we expect that many of the favorable factors that supported a record 2015 industry performance will remain in place this year, said Ford chief economist Emily Kolinski Morris, who declined to release Fords 2016 sales outlook Tuesday. GM, which also did not release its 2016 forecast, said it is expecting a second-consecutive year of record industry sales in 2016. The single most important pieces are the ongoing gains in employment and the growth in personal income, Mustafa Mohatarem, GMs chief economist, said in a statement. When you add in lower energy prices, its easy to see why consumer spending is strong. Szakaly, whose Virginia-based NADA represents about 16,000 new-car and truck dealerships, expects sales to rise to 17.7 million or higher in 2016 before leveling off. Long-term sustainably of this market at or above 18 million is questionable, he said. Its still going to be a great year in 2016, but theres always this worry between profitability and sales at the (automaker) level. Chasing sales and market share over profits is one reason why GM and the former Chrysler went bankrupt amid the recession in 2009. They were producing more vehicles than the market needed, and had to offer big discounts and buying incentives to move them. Mark LaNeve, Ford vice president of U.S. marketing, sales and service, said its hard to say if more marketing and incentives will be needed in 2016. He expects automakers to remain competitive, but believes they have learned from past mistakes. (The) industrys been pretty disciplined, he said during a call Tuesday with news media and analysts. I anticipate that it will continue to be disciplined. I think everybody learned their lessons the earlier part of the last decade. We try to catch supply to demand. Factors that could prevent 2016 from being another record year include global geopolitical issues, natural disasters and an influx of recently leased vehicles entering the market, possibly stealing some new-car sales. _EMAIL_ (313) 222-2504 Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> Did you know? A standard unit for measuring electricity is the kilowatt (kW), which is equal to 1,000 watts. A watt is a measure of energy named after the Scottish engineer James Watt. One kW of electricity generated or used over the course of one hour is a kilowatthour (kWh). Other units for measuring electricity capacity and electricity generation and consumption are Megawatt (MW) = 1,000 kW; megawatthour (MWh) = 1,000 kWh Gigawatt (GW) = 1,000 MW; gigawatthour (GWH) = 1,000 MWh Did you know? Electricity generating capacity has three general categories. Nameplate capacity is determined by the generator's manufacturer and indicates the maximum output of electricity a generator can theoretically produce at a certain point in time without exceeding specified thermal limits.Net summer capacity and net winter capacity indicate the maximum instantaneous electricity load a generator can support during the respective season. These values may differ because of seasonal variations in the temperature of the cooling water or ambient air used by the generating unit. Did you know? The number of small-scale distributed solar photovoltaic (PV) systems, such as those found on the roofs of buildings, has grown significantly in the United States over the past several years. Estimates of small-scale solar PV capacity and generation by state and sector are included in the Electric Power Monthly. As of the end of 2017, almost 41% of total U.S. small-scale solar PV electricity generating capacity was in California. Three terms are important to understand when learning about electricity production and consumption: Generation is a measure of the amount of electricity produced over a period of time. Most electric power plants use some of the electricity that they produce to operate the power plant itself. Capacity is the maximum level at which electric power (electricity) can be supplied at a specific point in time under certain conditions. Sales are the amount of electricity sold to customers over a period of time. They represent a proxy for most electricity consumption. The amount of electricity generated is greater than the amount of electricity sold. The main reason for this difference is that some energy is lost (as heat) in the transmission and distribution of electricity. In addition, some electricity consumers generate electricity and use most or all of it. This use is called direct use. These consumers include industrial, manufacturing, commercial, and institutional facilities, as well as homeowners who have their own electricity generators. The United States also exports and imports some electricity to and from Canada and Mexico. Total U.S. electricity consumption by end-use consumers is equal to U.S. retail sales of electricity plus direct use of electricity. The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) publishes data on two general types of electricity generation and electricity generating capacity: Utility scale includes electricity generation and capacity of generating units (generators) located at power plants with at least one megawatt (MW) of total electricity generating capacity. Small scale includes generators with less than 1 MW of generating capacity that are usually at or near the location where the electricity is consumed. The most common type of small-scale systems are solar photovoltaic systems installed on building rooftops. Electricity generation In 2017, net generation of electricity from utility-scale generators in the United States was about 4.01 trillion kilowatthours (kWh). EIA estimates that an additional 24 billion kWh (or 0.02 trillion kWh) were from small-scale solar photovoltaic (PV) systems, most of which was direct use. EIA estimates that total direct use of net electricity generation in 2017 equaled about 138 billion kWh. In 2017, about 63% of U.S. utility-scale electricity generation was produced from fossil fuels (coal, natural gas, and petroleum), about 20% was from nuclear energy, and about 17% was from renewable energy sources. The shares of U.S. electricity generation by major energy sources in 2017 were Natural gas32% Coal30% Nuclear20% Renewables (total)17% Nonhydroelectric renewables10% Hydroelectric7% Petroleum and other1% Electricity generating capacity Having sufficient capacity to generate electric power is important. The physical properties of electricity require that enough electricity be produced and placed on the electric power system, or grid, at every moment to instantaneously balance electricity demand. Most of the time, many power plants are not generating electricity at their full capacities. Three major types of generating units vary by intended usage: A base load generating unit normally satisfies all or part of the minimum, or base, demand (load) on the system. A base load generating unit runs continuously, producing electricity at, essentially, a constant rate. Base load generating units generally have the largest capacity of the three types of units. A peak load generating unit helps to meet requirements during periods of greatest, or peak, load on the system such as when hot weather increases electricity demand for air conditioning. An intermediate load generating unit meets system requirements that are more than base load but less than peak load. Intermediate load generating units are used during the transition between base load and peak load requirements. Generators powered by wind and solar energy supply electricity only when these resources are available (i.e., when it's windy or sunny). When these renewable generators are operating, they may reduce the amount of electricity required from other generators to supply the grid. Distributed generators are connected to the electricity grid, but they are mainly used to supply some or all of the electricity demand of individual buildings or facilities. Sometimes, these systems may generate more electricity than the facility consumes, in which case the surplus electricity is sent to the grid. Most small-scale solar photovoltaic systems are distributed generators. At the end of 2017, the United States had about 1,084,783 MWor 1.1 billion kilowatts (kW)of total utility-scale electricity generating capacity and about 16 million kW of small-scale distributed solar photovoltaic electricity generating capacity. Generating units fueled primarily with natural gas account for the largest share of utility-scale electricity generating capacity in the United States. The shares of utility-scale electricity generating capacity by primary energy source were Natural gas42% Coal24% Hydroelectric9% Nonhydroelectric renewables12% Nuclear9% Petroleum3% Other sources0.4% Energy sources for U.S. electricity generation The mix of energy sources for generating electricity in the United States has changed over time, especially in recent years. Natural gas and renewable energy sources account for an increasing share of U.S. electricity generation, while coal-fired electricity generation has declined. In 1990, coal-fired power plants accounted for about 42% of U.S. electricity generating capacity and about 52% of total electricity generation. By the end of 2017, coal's share of electricity generating capacity decreased to 24% and accounted for 30% of total electricity generation. Over the same period, the share of natural gas-fired electricity generating capacity more than doubled from 17% in 1990 to 42% in 2017, and its share of electricity generation nearly tripled from 12% in 1990 to 32% in 2017. Most nuclear and hydropower plants were built before 1990. Nuclear energy's share of total U.S. electricity generation has held steady at about 20% since 1990. Electricity generation from hydropower, historically the largest source of renewable electricity generation, fluctuates from year to year because of precipitation patterns. Total monthly U.S. electricity generation from nonhydro renewables now routinely exceeds hydroelectricity generation Renewable electricity generation from sources other than hydropower has steadily increased in recent years, mainly because of additions to wind and solar generating capacity. In 2014, the total annual electricity generation from utility-scale nonhydro renewable sources surpassed hydropower generation for the first time. Wind energy's share of total utility-scale electricity generating capacity in the United States grew from 0.2% in 1990 to about 8% in 2017, and its share of total annual utility-scale electricity generation grew to 6%. While relatively small in terms of its share of total U.S. electricity capacity and generation, solar electricity generating capacity and generation has grown significantly in recent years. Utility-scale solar electricity generating capacity rose from about 314 MWor 314,000 kWin 1990 to about 26,665 megawatts (MW) at the end of 2017, of which about 93% was solar photovoltaic systems and 7% was solar thermal/electric systems. Solar energy's share of total U.S. utility-scale electricity generation in 2017 was about 1%, up from less than 0.1% in 1990. In addition, EIA estimates that by the end of 2017, the United States had 16,224 MW of small-scale solar photovoltaic generating capacity, and total electricity generation from small-scale photovoltaic systems was about 24 billion KWh during the year. Various factors influence the mix of energy sources for electricity generation The major factors that have contributed to changes in the U.S. electricity generation mix in recent years include A decline in natural gas prices State requirements to use more renewable energy sources Availability of government and other financial incentives for building new renewable capacity Federal air pollution emission regulations for power plants A reduction in the growth of electricity demand The declining price of natural gas has been a major factor in the rise in natural gas-fired electricity generation and the decline in coal-fired electricity generation since 2008. When natural gas prices are relatively low, high-efficiency, natural gas-fired combined-cycle generators can supply electricity at a lower cost than coal-fired generators. Coal-fired power plants then operate less often and earn less revenue, which decreases their profitability and reduces the incentive to invest in new coal-fired generating capacity. Sustained low natural gas prices encourage development of new natural-gas fired capacity. In contrast to coal-fired generators, natural gas-fired generators Can be added in smaller increments to meet grid generating capacity requirements Can respond more quickly to changes in hourly electricity demand Generally have lower compliance costs with environmental regulations Retail electricity sales U.S. retail electricity sales to end-use customers totaled 3,682 billion kWhor 3.7 trillion kWhin 2017, about 80 billion kWh less than in 2016. Retail sales include net imports (imports minus exports) of electricity from Canada and Mexico. The sales of electricity to major types of U.S. retail customers and share of total sales in 2017 were Residential1,379 billion kWh37% Commercial1,349 billion kWh37% Industrial946 billion kWh26% Transportation8 billion kWh0.2% Who sells electricity? Six major types of electricity providers sell electricity to end-use consumers. The shares of electricity sales by type of provider in 2016 (the most recent annual data available at the time of this update) were Investor-owned utilities51% Power marketers22% Federal, state, and local utilities14% Electric cooperatives11% In addition to sales to end-use customers, electricity is also often traded on wholesale markets or through bilateral contracts. <N> Half of America has money invested in the stock market. No wonder the past few days have been alarming for many. On Monday, the Dow fell 1,000 points in the morning -- its largest point swing ever. But most Americans aren't day traders. They are in the stock market for the right reason -- because they want to grow their money over many years or decades. The smartest move in the past few days was to not panic and dump stocks. Here are 5 simple charts to get some perspective on where investors are at after these wild swings. Related: Turnaround Tuesday: Dow soars 400 points 1. Your stocks are losing money in 2015 Forget the day-to-day moves. The first thing to check is how stocks are doing so far this year. The news isn't great -- all three of the major U.S. stock market barometers -- the Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq -- are in the red. People are losing money. For example, if you had $100,000 in the S&P 500 at the start of the year, you would have lost about $9,000 so far this year. 2. But you made a lot of money the past 6 years But before you consider selling any stocks, remember that you have made a lot of money in the past six years. The S&P 500 has gone up a stellar 220% since March of 2009 when stocks bottomed out after the financial crisis. To put that another way, your money tripled since March of 2009. While the recent "haircut" is frustrating, it's a mere trim. The S&P 500 is still up 180%, even after the recent losses. 3. China is the heart of this problem Investors aren't too worried about the U.S. They're concerned about China. The Chinese stock market -- commonly called the Shanghai Composite -- has fallen almost 40% since June. It's a crash. There's a lot of uncertainty over just how much of an economic slowdown China is undergoing. But that doesn't mean it's going to drag the U.S. economy or stock market along with it. The U.S. economy is in pretty good shape. It is expanding at about 2% a year and unemployment is back to the lows it was at before the Great Recession. Related: China's economy is in trouble. How bad is it? 4. Oil is so cheap that some companies are hurting Oil is the other factor driving this downturn. Drivers in the U.S. are loving cheap gas prices, but energy companies like Exxon Mobil (XOM) and Chevron (CVX) are not. Profits are way down. Generally speaking, lower cost oil is a good thing for the America economy because it saves people and businesses money (that they can possibly spend on other things). But investors believe oil is too low now. Crude oil fell below $40 a barrel on Friday for the first time since the Great Recession. There's a lot of uncertainty over how long oil prices will stay this low, and investors don't like uncertainty. 5. America's favorite stocks like Apple are down. Maybe too much? Many of America's favorite stocks -- Apple (AAPL), Disney (DIS) and Starbucks (SBUX) -- have been hit hard by this selloff. Apple is down over 20% from its record high price in April. People have been arguing that stock prices were too high. That's why this latest stock market pullback is actually healthy. It's allowing everyone to pause and re-assess. It's notable that on Tuesday, companies like Apple, Starbucks (SBUX) and Netflix (NFLX) actually managed to gain. Some investors think there's been too much selling. <N> The United States economy is increasingly the envy of a struggling world and President Barack Obama is in the early stages of a yearlong effort to grab credit for it and reverse persistently stagnant approval ratings as his tenure winds toward a close. The economy created another 252,000 jobs in December, a record 58th straight month of private sector gains. The jobless rate dropped to 5.6 percent, nearly back to normal after peaking at 10 percent in October of 2009. And the economy turned in a robust 5 percent growth rate in the third quarter of last year. Story Continued Below But how much credit does the president actually deserve for all this? After all, the $18 trillion U.S. economy is a massive beast that rises and falls on tectonic forces well beyond the reach of short-term Washington policy changes. ( POLITICO's State of the Union 2015 coverage) Republicans say the economy is finally  and only partially  shaking off the impact of Obama policies like the Affordable Care Act, tax hikes and financial reform, all of which they contend slowed down growth. And they point to paltry wage gains once again evident in the December jobs report. Democrats say thats sour grapes from partisans whose warnings of a disastrous Obama economy look increasingly ridiculous. Economists  on the left and right and in the middle  say the facts suggest a vastly more complex middle ground. Obama deserves significant credit for some shrewd and politically difficult moves early on his presidency, economists say, including the stimulus and the automobile and Wall Street bailouts. And he also gets mostly high marks for later efforts to defend the Federal Reserves independence while holding off Republican demands for more stringent austerity spending cuts of the type that helped drive Europe to the brink of economic disaster. His efforts to revive the housing market get much more mixed reviews. As do his tepid efforts at pushing for any kind of real corporate tax reform that might have unleashed more capital spending. And he hardly emerged as the promised repairer of the breach capable of transcending the bitter partisan fights that knocked the economy badly off course in 2011 and 2012. Some of the early moves by the Obama administration clearly helped get us to where we are right now, especially the government being the spender of last resort after the crisis, said Beth Ann Bovino, chief U.S. economist at Standard & Poors. But the Federal Reserve also played a very big role. And this is also the natural shape of a slow recovery from a deep financial crisis and recession that is finally getting some traction. Early moves on stimulus, autos and Wall Street Its no coincidence that Obama began his latest economic road trip this week in Detroit, site of the resurgent auto industry, the most obvious area where Obama can claim credit for gains. The auto industry has proved that any comeback is possible, Obama said at a Ford plant near Detroit. Americas resurgence is real. And by all accounts that is true for Americas carmakers, which sold 16.5 million new units in 2014, the highest number since pre-recession 2006. This is not all Obama, of course. Cheap gas and the natural economic cycle all play a big role. But Fiat-Chrysler reported a 16 percent sales jump, and it might not exist at all if Obama had not overruled some of his top advisors and pursued a bailout for the company. Obama offered some new details of that decision in an interview with the Detroit News earlier this week, saying Chrysler was the sickest of automakers and some in the administration thought it should be allowed to fail. The president disagreed. The Fiat proposal was plausible enough and the game plan they had for rebuilding Chrysler was sound enough and the workers in those Chrysler plants were hungry enough and dedicated enough that it was worth taking a bet on them and Im glad we did, Obama told the paper. Even conservative economists have a hard time faulting the $80 billion auto-bailout, which wrapped up at the end of last year with a loss of around $9 billion for taxpayers but gains of hundreds of thousands of jobs and economic growth both directly at automobile companies and the scores of smaller manufacturers who supply them. If we dont bail out the auto manufacturers you could argue we dont get any of that growth, said James Pethokoukis, an economic scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute. Conservatives dont talk that much about Obamas failed stimulus anymore, with most mainstream economists crediting the $800 billion spending package with limiting the severity and duration of the downturn. The package still gets heavy criticism on the left for not being big enough. Many Obama loyalists agree with this critique in theory but say it was politically impossible to get any more money through Congress. And they argue that when you include the extension of most of the George W. Bush era tax cuts in 2010 as well as credits for homebuyers and other efforts, the actual size of the stimulus was closer to $2 trillion. Conservatives, meanwhile, shrug off the stimulus, saying it was standard issue recession-fighting policy that any president would have pursued. I guess they can claim some credit for doing the obvious, said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, an economist at the conservative American Action Forum and former advisor to John McCains presidential campaigns. The real question is what else have they done since 2010 except complain that Republicans blocked everything they wanted to do? The Affordable Care Act was not pro-growth and neither was Dodd-Frank, the 2010 financial reform law. Holding the line on spending cuts The counter to Holtz-Eakins argument offered by Democrats and many economists is that Obama shifted into an important defensive role after Republicans took the House in 2010, limiting the GOPs ability to enact even larger spending cuts than the $900 billion over 10 years included in the 2011 Budget Control Act in return for a debt ceiling increase. The prevailing economist view is that the spending cuts were ill-timed given the fragile nature of the recovery at the time. Europes experience with pursuing austerity spending cuts in the face of high deficits bears this argument out. Greece, after rounds of austerity, still may leave the euro zone, sparking possible crisis. And the continent is struggling with anemic growth and falling prices, a dangerous combination. While the U.S. avoided even greater austerity, there is no question that the bitter fiscal fights that led to near-default and the first ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating in 2011 and the fiscal cliff fight at the end of 2012 crushed business and consumer confidence and delayed the recovery. Democrats lay all the blame for this at the foot of Republicans. But economists outside Washington generally blame both the White House and Congressional Republicans for engaging in scorched earth political battle that damaged the economy. Business confidence basically tanked after all that and its taken a long time to come back and get capital spending started again, said Bovino. Obama, meanwhile, can also claim some credit for the rapid reduction in the size of annual budget deficits, though his more liberal supporters believe reducing deficits was the last thing the president should have been focused on. In addition to the spending cuts demanded by Republicans, Obama forced through increases in top level tax rates as part of the fiscal cliff deal at the beginning of 2013. Those increases both failed to produce the economic disaster forecast by some Republicans while helping reduce the 2014 deficit to $483 billion, nearly a trillion dollars lower than the $1.4 trillion figure for 2009. The national debt figure is now $18 trillion, compared with close to $11 trillion when Obama took office. And longer-term deficit figures are less rosy as neither Obama nor Congressional Republicans have done anything to address entitlement spending. But the debt itself began rising quickly before Obama took office. And annual deficits are expected to remain at reasonable levels as a percentage of the economy for years to come, well down from the nearly 10 percent of the economy they represented in 2009. These figures are why Republicans are less focused on austerity spending cuts these days. Close observers noted that former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, in his newly launched political action committee web site, talked about growth and wages and jobs and barely mentioned spending cuts or taxes. Obama may have presided over the end of the age of austerity in the United States, a significant economic legacy. Defending the Fed Once Washington became almost totally dysfunctional on fiscal policy beginning in 2011, the Federal Reserve took over as an economic lifeline, with Chairman Ben Bernanke keeping interest rates essentially below zero and then pumping trillions of dollars into the economy through an unorthodox policy of quantitative easing, buying up giant piles of both government and private sector debt. This helped drive money seeking higher returns into the stock market, igniting a bull run that has seen the Dow nearly triple from its recession low of 6,594.44 hit in Obamas third month in office in 2009. The Dow closed Thursday at 17,907.87, not far off its all-time. The Fed intervention was far from a perfect cure-all. It helped create enormous wealth for big shareholders but did not drive major corporate spending or push wages up much at all. The Fed did quickly drive unemployment down to near its target level. But some of the gains came from people no longer looking for work. The labor force participation rate has dropped throughout Obamas presidency and now stands at just 62.8 percent, the lowest level since 1978. Some of that is baby boomers retiring. But much is also frustrated workers either unable to find a job or unwilling to take a low-paying position. Republicans contend some refuse to work because Obama expanded safety net programs that can make collecting benefits preferable to taking minimum wage work. In addition, wages continue to grow at about 2 percent annually, basically zero when adjusted for inflation. This soft underbelly  flat wages and a shrinking labor force  is where Republicans will train their rhetorical and policy fire in Washington in 2015 and the presidential campaign trail in 2016. But while the Feds efforts have not solved the economys problems, they almost certainly prevented a much worse recession. Europe lacked a similarly activist central bank and is now in far worse shape. And Obama supporters say the president deserves some of the credit for standing behind Bernanke despite heavy criticism from the right  and some from the left  that his policies would devalue the dollar and drive up inflation. None of that happened. Obama re-nominated Bernanke, a Republican, in 2009 and helped surround the central bank chairman with mostly like-minded fellow governors. And after flirting with former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, Obama nominated Bernankes preferred successor, then-vice chair Janet Yellen, in 2013. Yellen has continued Bernankes policies to widespread praise from economists and Wall Street. Obama backers say history will remember him for helping insure that the Fed could take over when the rest of the federal government abdicated economic policy-making. He nominated these people to the Fed and then he protected them once they were there and he made sure Bernanke had allies, said Austan Goolsbee, a University of Chicago professor who served as top Obama economic advisor until 2011. Goolsbee noted that no president can flip a switch and drive a faster economy. But he suggested Obama can legitimately take some credit. Most of what happens in the economy has nothing to do with Washington, 90 percent of it has nothing to do with Washington, Goolsbee said. But there are some things that are not crazy for him to take some credit for including manufacturing, holding off more austerity and defending the Fed. Falling short on housing Its also no accident that Obamas second economic event this week focused on yet another effort to try and jump start the sluggish housing market. One of the biggest critiques of the administration is that while it vigorously pursued a $700 billion bailout of Wall Street it did significantly less to aid struggling home-owners after the housing bubble popped. White House defenders say getting people to take advantage of the various mortgage assistance programs was difficult, as was deciding who was worthy of assistance and who was not. Still, critics on the left and right note that the administrations mortgage refinance programs only directly helped a few million homeowners and did not fully address the foreclosure crisis. And Obamas proposal in Phoenix on Thursday was also quite modest, just a 0.5 percent cut to federal mortgage insurance premiums, enough to put an extra $900 or so a year in the pockets of people with qualifying mortgages. Meanwhile, Obama never got behind any one effort to reform housing finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in a way that might have transformed the governments now dominant role in the housing sector while bringing private capital back in and reducing the risk of future taxpayer bailouts. And the housing market itself has been a laggard in the current recovery. The country is now generating around 500,000 new households per year, well below the 1 million rate that would indicate a strong housing market. Home prices are well off their recession lows but far below their pre-crisis highs in many markets. Housing starts actually fell in November of last year. Economists keep calling for the housing market to improve and boost economic growth but it has not really happened yet. This recovery has been weaker because housing has been on the sidelines, said Holtz-Eakin. And thats unique to this downturn. The Obama counter to this is that the administration made a conscious decision early on not to try and re-inflate a housing bubble as a way to jump start the economy. Instead, they hoped to transition the economy away from such major boom and bust cycles. Housing is not playing that great a role in this recovery and thats actually want we want, said Goolsbee. Looking ahead Obamas final event of his economic road trip this week will be to promote a new plan to work with states to make the first two years of community college free for qualifying students. Obama plans to outline the program at Pellissippi State Community College in Knoxville, Tenn. It is clearly aimed at one of the big remaining hurdles for the White House to boost its economic legacy: get workers trained for higher paying technical jobs that will drive faster growth, new home formation and a less hollowed-out economy in the coming years. The program does not yet have a price tag and the GOP Congress could quickly dismiss it. But the fact that the White House is even proposing the plan suggests Obama is ready to jettison caution about proposing significant new spending programs. And part of that confidence comes from the improved economic and deficit numbers of the last several years and the political benefit that is already coming the White Houses way in terms of rising poll numbers. Those poll numbers should continue to rise if the economic numbers keep coming in strong. Because presidents tend to get most of the credit for a rising economy, whether they deserve it or not. We tend to personify economies based on who is in the White House even though there is so much else going on, said Pethokoukis. And thats why Republicans are going to have to have an agenda thats less about Obama and more about the everyday lives of middle class and working class Americans. <N> CLAIM The UK issued a travel advisory for LGBT citizens visiting the United States after Mississippi and North Carolina passed controversial laws. See Example( s ) EXAMPLES Collected via Twitter and e-mail, April 2016 United Kingdom issues travel advisory for LGBT citizens visiting NC? How bad is North Carolina's law? Foreign state departments are issuing travel advisories about it _LINKS_  Matthew Martin (@hyperplanes) April 20, 2016 RATING ORIGIN In April 2016, a number of state-level debates over religious freedom and bathroom bills continued to smolder, primarily focusing on the passage of a controversial piece of legislation in North Carolina known as HB2. On 19 April 2016, retailer Target was drawn into the dispute after enacting a policy granting all customers and staff access to use bathrooms corresponding to their gender identities, and musician Bruce Springsteen canceled upcoming shows in North Carolina in protest over HB2. Not long afterwards, the United Kingdoms Foreign and Commonwealth Office issued a formal travel advisory to British citizens regarding local laws and customs in the United States that posed a potential danger to gay and transgender travelers: The US is an extremely diverse society and attitudes towards LGBT people differ hugely across the country. LGBT travellers may be affected by legislation passed recently in the states of North Carolina and Mississippi. Before travelling please read our general travel advice for the LGBT community. You can find more detail on LGBT issues in the US on the website of the Human Rights Campaign. The states of Mississippi and North Carolina were specifically cited as areas of caution for LGBT travelers: While some readers appeared skeptical of the advisorys authenticity, a visit to the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Offices Foreign Travel Advice page for the United States demonstrates that the warning is genuine. <N> AFTER decades of issuing travel warnings to its citizens overseas, America is experiencing the shoe on the other foot. The US regularly issues travel warnings urging Americans to either avoid or exercise caution in countries marred by violence or political instability. But now four countries, two of them from the Middle East, have dispatched tourist warnings for the US as civil unrest fuelled by two more fatal shootings of black men by police last week continues to escalate. Alton Sterling, 37, was pinned down by police and shot dead in the south-eastern city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana last Tuesday. Less than 24 hours later, police killed 32-year-old motorist Philando Castile in front of his girlfriend and her young daughter as he reached for his ID in St. Paul, Minnesota. Both incidents were independently filmed and the footage widely circulated on social media. The United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and New Zealand have told travellers to steer clear of protests and large crowds because of the high potential for violence. Bahamas Tells Young Male Citizens To 'Exercise Extreme Caution' With U.S. Police _LINKS_  NPR (@NPR) July 10, 2016 The Bahamas New Travel Warning Is a Sad Statement on America _LINKS_ via @attn  Eliza Agudelo (@1ElizaAgudelo) July 11, 2016 Bahamians urged to exercise 'extreme caution' against US police - Press TV _LINKS_  Bahamas Meta Guide (@bs_meta_guide) July 11, 2016 The Bahamas, a Caribbean nation which lies off the coast of Florida, was the first nation to put out an alert, warning against the potentially fatal consequences of interacting with American police officers. In particular young males are asked to exercise extreme caution in affected cities in their interactions with the police. Do not be confrontational and cooperate, the Bahamas Foreign Ministry said in a travel advisory on Friday. If there is any issue please allow consular offices for the Bahamas to deal with the issues. Do not get involved in political or other demonstrations under any circumstances and avoid crowds, it added. The tiny island nation won independence from Britain in 1973 but remains a member of the Commonwealth. It has consulates in New York, Washington DC, Miami and Atlanta, as well as honorary consuls in Los Angeles, Denver, Chicago and Houston. On Saturday, the Kingdom of Bahrain urged citizens via Twitter to be cautious of protests or crowded areas occurring around the US. @greta Check this out...US is now part of a travel alert. Thanks BLM & Media! _LINKS_  Frustrated Voter (@Frustrated_2016) July 10, 2016 u know america is down in the dumpster when a third world country like Bahamas is issuing travel warning to its citizens coming to the US  Bobby_13 (@Bobby_XIII) July 10, 2016 You can't make this stuff up .. The US Embassy of repressive Kingdom of Bahrain warns citizens currently in the US. _LINKS_  Terence Wolf (@TerenceWolf1) July 10, 2016 New Zealands advisory was of a similar tone, telling travellers: We recommend you avoid all protests and demonstrations as on occasion civil disorder can result. The UAEs warning featured language reminiscent of that used by the US State Department when warning Americans about countries that have fallen victim to attacks by extremists. Please be aware of immediate surroundings and avoid crowded places when possible, the UAE embassy said in a statement that urged people to stay away from any US demonstrations. Exercise particular caution during large festivals or events, be alert and stay safe. Australias Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT) has not updated its Smart Traveller website since June 27 and its travel advice remains: exercise normal safety precautions. However, it does contain warnings about the prevalence of gun crime, an increase in mass shootings in public places and changes to legislation in some states which may affect LGBTI visitors. The travel advice for the United States of America on the Smartraveller website remains under constant review (and) the advice remains current at this time, DFAT said in a statement to news.com.au. The advice contains warnings about the risks of gun crime and active shooter incidents, and the importance of avoiding protest activity. It includes references to statistics that show that metropolitan areas and cities in the United States tend to have higher crime and murder rates and that the southern states have seen a slight increase in gun violence in recent years. We also note that the incidence of mass shootings are occurring more frequently. Our message to all Australians is that you should be vigilant to the possibility of gun crime in all parts of the United States. No matter where you intend to travel, you should do some research on which local areas or suburbs may be less safe  check travel guides and seek local advice, such as from your hotel reception or tour guide. Yesterday some tourists in New Yorks bustling Times Square told Reuters they were nervous about the tension and recent violence. I dont like to be in crowded places anymore, Eleanor Fairbrother, who was visiting from Ireland, said. Mr Sterlings alleged murder was captured on mobile phone by a nearby shop owner. Diamond Lavish Reynolds streamed the horrific aftermath of Mr Castiles shooting, followed by her own arrest, on Facebook live. On Friday, a mass protest organised by Black Lives Matter in Dallas and attended by blacks and whites alike, turned into a horror show after a sniper picked off 12 police officers, killing five of them. Gunman Micah Xavier Johnson told police he was avenging the deaths of Mr Sterling and Mr Castile. Johnson was killed when he detonated a police robot deployed after negotiations broke down. <N> Reviewed: 4 October 2017, 17:30 NZDT Still current at: 20 July 2018 Get updates by RSS Get updates by RSS Get updates by email Some Risk There is some risk to your security in the United States due to the threat from terrorism and we advise caution. Terrorism The United States Department of Homeland Security provides information about credible or specific terrorism threats. For current alerts, see the National Terrorism Advisory System page. The United States remains a likely target for terrorist activity by domestic-based extremists and internationally-trained individuals and groups, and we continue to receive reports that terrorist groups are planning attacks against the United States. Terrorist attacks have occurred in the United States in recent years and a significant number of terror plots have been disrupted. On 17 September 2016, an explosion occurred in the Chelsea neighbourhood of New York City causing a number of injuries. Local authorities have made an arrest in relation to this incident. New Zealanders in the United States are advised to keep themselves informed of potential risks to safety and security by monitoring the media and other local information sources. Follow any instructions issued by the local authorities and be aware of your surroundings in public places such as shopping malls, markets, monuments, tourist destinations, demonstrations, large gatherings and on public transport. There is the potential for attacks to be conducted with the intention of targeting the general public. Crime There is a higher incidence of violent crime and firearm possession than in New Zealand, however crime rates vary considerably across cities and suburbs and incidents rarely involve tourists. New Zealanders should take care when travelling in unfamiliar areas. Research your destination before travelling and seek local advice if you are concerned about levels of criminal activity. Active shooter incidents occur from time to time in the United States. For advice on how to respond to an active shooter situation, please see the US Department of Homeland Security website. On 2 October 2017, over 50 people were killed and 500 were injured in a shooting at a music concert in Las Vegas. Civil Unrest We recommend you avoid all protests and demonstrations as on occasion civil disorder can result. General travel advice Travellers from New Zealand to the United States should allow three hours when transiting from an international flight to a domestic flight due to increased security checks. The Transport Security Administration website provides guidance for airline passengers travelling to the United States. Travellers carrying electronic devices, such as laptops and mobile phones, should be aware that these devices may be subject to security checks by United States border authorities. Travellers to the United States, particularly those on flights originating from the Middle East or North Africa, should be aware of restrictions on the carriage of electronic devices and are advised to contact their airline directly to check whether any restrictions apply on their flight to the United States. Immigration regulations are strictly enforced. Overstaying can result in detention then deportation. See our United States travel tips. New Zealanders travelling or resident in the United States should have comprehensive travel and medical insurance policies in place. Medical costs in the United States are extremely high and the New Zealand government cannot assist with medical expenses. New Zealanders in the United States are encouraged to register their travel with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. Travel tips The New Zealand Embassy Washington DC, United States of America Street Address 37 Observatory Circle NW, Washington, DC 20008, United States of America Telephone Telephone +1 202 328 4800 Fax Facsimile +1 202 667 5227 Email Email _EMAIL_ Web Site _LINKS_ Hours Mon - Fri 0830 - 1230, 1330 -1700 hrs; Visa applications Mon - Fri 0900 - 1230 hrs The New Zealand Consulate-General Los Angeles, United States of America Street Address Suite 600E, 2425 Olympic Boulevard, Santa Monica, CA 90404, United States of America Telephone +1 310 566 6555 Fax +1 310 566 6556 Email _EMAIL_ Web Site _LINKS_-los-angeles Hours Mon - Fri 0830 - 1300, 1330 - 1630 hrs Visa Section Mon - Fri 0900 -1230 hrs New Zealand Consulate-General Honolulu, United States of America Street Address Suite 2020, Pacific Guardian Center, 733 Bishop Street, Honolulu, HI 96813 Postal Address 733 Bishop St, Suite 2020, Honolulu, HI 96813. Telephone +1 808 675 5555 Fax +1 808 675 5561 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate-General New York, United States of America Street Address 41st Floor, 295 Madison Ave, New York, 10017, United States of America Telephone +1 212 832 4038 Fax +1 212 832 7602 Hours Mon - Fri 0900 - 1230 hrs for consular calls New Zealand Consulate Atlanta, United States of America Street Address 513 Seminole Avenue, NE Atlanta Georgia 30307, United States of America Telephone +1 404 525 2495 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Boston, United States of America Street Address PretiFlaherty 57 North Main Street, Concord NH 033021 - 1318, United States of America Postal Address PO Box 1318, Concord NH 033021 - 1318, United States of America Telephone +1 603 225 8228 Fax +1 603 226 2637 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Chicago, United States of America Street Address 6400 Shafer Court (Suite 275), Rosemount, IL 60018-4925 Telephone +1 773 714 8669 Fax +1 773 714 9483 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Houston, United States of America Street Address 246 Warrenton Drive, Houston, TX77024 - 6626, United States of America Telephone +1 713 973 8680 Fax +1 713 973 6679 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Oregon, United States of America Street Address 500 NW Hilltop Road, Portland, Oregon 97210, United States of America Telephone +1 503 803 7129 Mobile (503) 803 8003 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Sacramento, United States of America Street Address 44733 North El Macero Drive, El Macero, CA 95618 - 1066, United States of America Postal Address PO Box 3005, CA 95618 - 1066, United States of America Telephone +1 530 756 8013 Fax +1 530 756 7032 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Salt Lake City, United States of America Street Address 1655 Linden Lane, Bountiful, Utah, UT 84010, United States of America Telephone +1 801 237 2664 (Direct), +1 801 296 2494 (Voicemail), (no fax) Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate San Francisco (Northern California), United States of America Postal Address PO Box 1276, Burlingham, CA 94011- 1276, United States of America Telephone +1 (650) 342-4443 Fax +1 (650) 762-7001 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Seattle, United States of America Street Address 10649 North Beach Road, Bow, WA 98232, United States of America Telephone +1 360 766 8002 Fax +1 360 766 6791 Email _EMAIL_ New Zealand Consulate Vermont, United States of America Street Address 211 Ordway Shore Road, Shelburne, Vermont 05482, United States of America Telephone +1 (802) 489 5677 Email _EMAIL_ See our regional advice for North America <N> Starting June 30, 2018, if you are traveling from an international last-point-of-departure to the U.S., powder-based substances in carry-on baggage greater than 350mL or 12 oz. may require additional screening at the central checkpoint. Powder-like substances over 12 oz. or 350mL in carry-on that cannot be resolved at the central checkpoint will not be allowed onto the cabin of the aircraft and will be disposed of. For your convenience, place powders in your checked bag. The measures have already been implemented at U.S. airports nationwide to identify and prevent potentially dangerous items from being brought aboard the aircraft. There are no changes to what is allowed in carry-on baggage at U.S. airport checkpoints. <N> How do I know if I got vouchers? Anyone who bought tickets using Ticketmasters website between Oct. 21, 1999, and Feb. 27, 2013, should have received between one and 17 vouchers. If youre logged in to your Ticketmaster account, you can check to see how many are available to you here. What are the vouchers worth? There are three types, each with a different value: A $2.25 discount on any ticket. A $5 discount toward UPS delivery. Two free tickets for general admission seating at venues owned or operated by Live Nation Entertainment, which owns Ticketmaster. Great! Which of my favorite bands are playing? You cant use the vouchers on just any Ticketmaster order. The company has selected specific events for which they qualify throughout the United States, which means the shows near you might be awfully limited. The company set up a webpage listing which events would be eligible, with more than 430 initially listed. Free tickets for Alabama Shakes, Weezer, Bob Dylan, Def Leppard, Snoop Dogg, Steely Dan and The Cure were briefly made available in the first batch of concerts. <N> What you need to know about Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster In 2003, the Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster class action lawsuit alleged that Ticketmaster did not fully disclose all aspects of its UPS and order processing fees to consumers. While vigorously defending the lawsuit, Ticketmaster settled the case in 2013 by agreeing to issue discount codes and ticket vouchers to class members, which allow class members to receive discounts for future ticket purchases and/or receive discounts on future UPS ticket deliveries. The settlement class generally includes all consumers who purchased tickets on Ticketmaster.com between the period of October 21, 1999 and February 27, 2013. To find out if you are a class member and qualify for a discount code, please contact the litigation administrator. As part of the Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster settlement, Ticketmaster agreed to provide: One discount code worth $2.25 for every purchase made on Ticketmaster.com during the class period, up to a maximum of 17 credits per person. These codes can be applied toward future primary ticket purchases on Ticketmaster.com for events in the United States. Each discount code is valid for a single, one-time use with unused discount codes remaining active until June of 2020. Redeem discount codes here. One $5 UPS delivery credit/discount code per eligible transaction made on Ticketmaster.com during the class period, up to a maximum of 17 credits per person. UPS discount codes may be applied toward a future ticket purchase with UPS delivery on Ticketmaster.com for events in the United States. Redeem UPS discount codes here. One ticket voucher for every purchase made on Ticketmaster.com during the class period, up to 17 vouchers per person. Each ticket voucher may potentially be redeemed for two (2) general admission tickets for eligible events at Live Nation owned or operated venues within the United States. Each ticket voucher is valid for a single, one-time use and tickets are subject to availability to class members on a first-come, first-served basis. The Settlement Agreement limits the value of vouchers that are to be redeemed in a given year and in total. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Over the course of the settlement, class action members have redeemed more than $39.6 million worth of ticket redemption vouchers. For more information about Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions available here. <N> What is this class action settlement? In 2003, the Schlesinger v. Ticketmasterclass action lawsuit was filed, alleging that Ticketmaster failed to fully disclose to consumers all aspects of its UPS and order processing fees. While vigorously defending the lawsuit, Ticketmaster settled the case in 2013, with the court granting final approval of the settlement in February 2015. The settlement class generally includes all consumers who purchased tickets on Ticketmaster.com between October 21, 1999, and February 27, 2013 (the class period). As of 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Why do I have discount codes and ticket vouchers? As part of the Schlesinger v. Ticketmastersettlement, Ticketmaster agreed to provide: To each class member, one discount code (worth $2.25 off a future purchase of primary tickets) for every purchase made on Ticketmaster.com during the class period, up to 17 discount codes per person. To class members who used UPS delivery during the class period, one $5 UPS discount code for every purchase made on Ticketmaster.com that included UPS delivery, again up to 17 UPS discount codes per person. To each class member, one ticket voucher (potentially redeemable for two eligible general admission tickets for select events at Live Nation owned or operated venues, subject to availability and limitations) for every purchase on Ticketmaster.com during the class period, up to 17 vouchers per person. The Settlement Agreement limits the value of vouchers that are to be redeemed in a given year and in total. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. How many codes and vouchers do I get? Each class member received one discount code for each Ticketmaster.com purchase made during the class period, up to a maximum of 17 discount codes. Each class member who used UPS delivery for a ticket order during the class period also received one UPS discount code for each UPS delivery he or she paid for over the class period, up to a maximum of 17 UPS discount codes. Each class member also received one ticket voucher for each Ticketmaster.com purchase the class member made during the class period, up to a maximum of 17 ticket vouchers. This voucher is potentially redeemable for two eligible general admission tickets for select events at Live Nation owned or operated venues, subject to availability and limitations. The Settlement Agreement limits the value of vouchers that are to be redeemed in a given year and in total. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Where do I find my discount codes and ticket vouchers? Your discount codes, UPS discount codes, and ticket vouchers are made available to you under the Active Vouchers link in your Ticketmaster account. If you have lost or misplaced your Ticketmaster login name and/or password, please use the Forgot password? link to reset your password. As of 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Can I apply the discount codes or ticket vouchers to a previously placed order? No. You cannot use your discount codes, UPS discount codes, or ticket vouchers for previously placed orders. Can I combine the codes together? You can combine up to two discount codes per transaction ($4.50 total). If you elect UPS delivery, you can combine up to two discount codes ($4.50 total) and up to two UPS discount codes ($10.00 total) per transaction (for a total discount of $14.50). Can I transfer my codes or vouchers to someone else? No. Discount codes, UPS discount codes, and ticket vouchers can only be redeemed by the class member. They are non-transferable. How do I know if I qualify for a ticket voucher? As of 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Where do I apply my discount codes? To redeem your $2.25 discount code or $5.00 UPS discount codes, log on to Ticketmaster using your Ticketmaster username and password from your desktop or laptop. Enter the code(s) you would like to use in the applicable area on the billing page. Please note that discount codes may not be redeemed via mobile or mobile apps. For step by step instructions, check out more info here. Can I use the mobile app or mobile web to redeem my discount codes? Discount codes, UPS codes cannot be redeemed on the mobile website or the mobile app. See FAQ 9for information on how to redeem your discount codes on your desktop or laptop. I think I should have more discount codes and ticket vouchers than I see in my account. What should I do? For questions regarding discount codes and UPS discount codes, please email _EMAIL_ . As of 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. When will my discount codes and ticket vouchers expire? Your discount codes and UPS discount codes will expire on June 18, 2020. Your ticket vouchers will be valid for eligible events (which can be found here) until no further tickets are available for any listed events and/or no further events are posted. Ticket voucher redemption is on a first come, first served basis. The Settlement Agreement limits the value of vouchers that are to be redeemed in a given year and in total. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Why will everyone who got a ticket voucher not get a ticket? The Settlement Agreement limits the number of tickets that are to be made available for voucher redemption in a given year and in total, and vouchers are redeemable on a first come, first served basis. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. How can the ticket vouchers be sold out? Ticketmaster provides, per the Settlement Agreement, an allotment of tickets to the eligible events for which tickets may be purchased using vouchers. Once all tickets available for voucher redemption have been purchased for a particular event, vouchers may no longer be used to purchase tickets for that event. The Settlement Agreement limits the value of vouchers that are to be redeemed in a given year and in total. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. When are you releasing more tickets? The Settlement Agreement limits the value of vouchers that are to be redeemed in a given year and in total. In 2018, Ticketmaster fulfilled the ticket voucher requirements. Please note, discount codes and UPS discount codes can still be used on primary tickets on Ticketmaster.com . Log in to your account to view your discount codes and UPS discount codes and search for events. I no longer have access to the email I used to set up and access my Ticketmaster account. What should I do? You can contact Ticketmaster here. Who do I contact if my question isnt answered here? If you have a question about the lawsuit or the benefits to which you are entitled, or if you believe you did not receive codes or vouchers that you should have received, please reach out to Garden City Group at _EMAIL_ . If you have a question about how to access your account, how to use your codes or vouchers, or how to find eligible events, please reach out to Ticketmaster customer service. <N> As part of a recent lawsuit settlement over excessive and deceptive service fees, Ticketmaster is offering 50 million of its users vouchers for free tickets and discounts. Today, Ticketmaster revealed an initial list of the 450 shows for which the free vouchers can be used. And surprisingly, theres some big names included: The Cure, Black Sabbath, Mumford and Sons, Bob Dylan, Flight of the Conchords, Prophets of Rage, Weird Al Yankovich, Brand New with Modest Mouse, Blink-182, Weezer, Duran Duran, Hall and Oates, and Gary Clark Jr. are all included. Free tickets are even being offered to this years XPoNential Festival, which features performances from Ryan Adams, Alabama Shakes, and Kurt Vile. Check out the list of eligible shows here. Of course, seeing as how this does involve Ticketmaster, there are already technical issues being reported. Many Ticketmaster users have reported that their provided voucher codes are not being accepted at check out. Because Ticketmaster. <N> Many Ticketmaster customers noticed on Monday their free ticket vouchers that were showing in their account have disappeared. If you check your account, your codes are likely gone as well. The free ticket codes are the result of a lawsuit first filed in 2003 alleging Ticketmaster was charging excessive and deceptive fees. The company agreed to a settlement worth $45 million. Customers who made at least one purchase between October 1999 and February 2013 should receive a voucher good for two general admission tickets to eligible events at venues owned and operated by Ticketmaster parent company Live Nation Entertainment. Ticketmaster customers should receive one code for each purchase made during the period, up to a maximum of 17 codes However, as of Monday afternoon, the list of eligible events was still not available. Also on Monday, many people noticed voucher codes that were previously showing on their Active Vouchers page have since disappeared. Some people said they had as many as 17 free ticket codes as of Monday morning. Now, only $2.25 discount codes are showing on the Active Vouchers page. So what happened? The Ticketmaster settlement was mentioned on nearly every news website over the past few days, prompting many to attempt to use the codes and ask Ticketmaster/Live Nation when the list of eligible events would be added to the settlement website. The codes are not yet active. On Sunday night, Ticketmaster said they could not say when the list would be available, but said we expect it to be soon. On Monday afternoon, their answer changed  well, slightly. In response to dozens of tweets about the free ticket codes not working, Ticketmaster said: The event list should be up within the next 2 weeks. Until the list is finalized, unfortunately the codes wont work or be available. Ticketmaster is now telling customers the codes will not be available until the event list is finalized, which is the most probable explanation as to why the free ticket codes disappeared from customer accounts on Monday. Tribune Broadcasting talked to a Ticketmaster customer service agent on Sunday night who confirmed the codes were removed from accounts and will be reposted when the event list is finalized and posted online. The good news Phew! All of the free tickets have not been gobbled up. Your free ticket voucher codes should return to your account once the event list has been confirmed and posted here. No, your free ticket codes have not been replaced with the $2.25 discount codes. Customers included in the settlement should receive discount codes in addition to free ticket codes. According to an FAQ, Live Nation has sole discretion in choosing which events the vouchers can be redeemed for, and theyll be handed out on a first-come-first-served basis. On Monday, Ticketmaster also added a new explainer to the Active Vouchers page, which goes into detail about the settlement: In 2003, the Schlesinger v. Ticketmaster class action lawsuit was filed alleging that Ticketmaster deceived consumers by not being explicit that the UPS and Order Processing Fees for tickets generated a profit. While vigorously defending these claims, Ticketmaster settled the case in 2013, with the court granting final approval of the settlement in February 2015. The settlement class includes all consumers who made a transaction on Ticketmaster.com from 1999-2013. As part of the settlement, Ticketmaster agreed to provide all members of the class a discount voucher for a $2.25 credit on future purchase of primary tickets for each transaction over the class period, for up to 17 codes. In addition, a $5 UPS voucher was made available to members of the class who had used UPS delivery during the class period, again to a maximum of 17 codes. As part of the settlement, Ticketmaster also agreed to provide $5 million in Live Nation tickets through May 2017, with the potential for additional tickets based on the redemption rates of the discount and UPS voucher codes. These tickets will be made available through settlement ticket vouchers potentially redeemable for two general admission tickets for select eligible Live Nation concerts, subject to availability and limitations. Class members again received a ticket voucher for each purchase over the class period, for up to 17 codes. Given the tremendous initial interest for these tickets, Ticketmaster will increase to $10 million its allotment of tickets made available through May 2017. Editors note: Tribune Broadcasting has made multiple attempts to contact the media relations team at Ticketmaster/Live Nation Entertainment over the past 72 hours to seek official comment on the settlement and list of eligible events, however we have not received a response as of Monday evening. <N> At a major event for conservative Christians this morning, a Republican senator joked about praying for President Obamas days to be short. Sen. David Perdue, a freshman senator from Georgia, opened his remarks at the Faith & Freedom Coalitions Road to Majority conference by encouraging attendees to pray for President Obama. But, he added in a joking tone, they need to pray for him in a very specific way: We should pray for him like Psalms 109:8 says: Let his days be few, and let another have his office, the senator said, smiling wryly. The crowd chuckled and he moved on with his address. The rest of that passage, which Perdue did not recite, reads, May his children be fatherless and his wife a widow. May his children be wandering beggars; may they be driven from their ruined homes. The psalm is a pointed, lengthy death wish for one of Davids enemies. Let the creditor seize all that he has, and let strangers plunder his labor. Let there be none to extend mercy to him, nor let there be any to favor his fatherless children. Let his posterity be cut off, and in the generation following let their name be blotted out, it continues. Perdues joke drew immediate criticism. Adam Jentleson, a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, tweeted, Republican Senator David Perdue is praying for President Obama to die. This is why Trump is the GOP nominee. As the Washington Posts Dave Weigel pointed out, conservatives have long invoked this verse in the yearning for an end to Obamas days in office. A Christian Science Monitor report from November 16, 2009, detailed the popularity of bumper stickers that read simply, Pray for Obama: Psalm 109:8. Its protected speech, but its clearly offensive, the Anti-Defamation Leagues Deborah Lauter said at the time. The Road to Majority conference brings together top leaders in the social-conservative world, as well as prominent elected Republicans. Shortly after Perdues speech, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and top Trump adviser Sen. Jeff Sessions spoke. Donald Trump will keynote the event later today. UPDATE: After publication, Perdue spokeswoman Caroline Vanvick gave this statement to Bloombergs Sahil Kapur: Senator Perdue said we are called to pray for our country, for our leaders, and for our president. He in no way wishes harm towards our president and everyone in the room understood that. However, we should add the media to our prayer list because they are pushing a narrative to create controversy and that is exactly what the American people are tired of. <N> Faith and Freedom's 2017 "Road to Majority" Conference a Record Shattering Success! The 2017 Faith & Freedom Coalition  Road to Majority  conference began Thursday June 8th with an electrifying speech from President Donald J. Trump, and wrapped up Saturday June 10th with a rousing speech from Vice President Mike Pence. The annual three day conference in Washington, DC was the largest and most successful to date. But as you know, now is not the time to take a victory lap, but instead to continue the momentum! The media and the radical Left are determined to stop the Trump legislative agenda, including the repeal of ObamaCare, ending taxpayer funding of abortion, and the confirmation of conservative judges to the federal bench. We must take this golden opportunity to advance our shared pro-family values in Congress, state legislatures, and local government. Road to Majority  featured an array of speakers, unprecedented in modern American political history, including: President Donald J. Trump, Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Israeli Ambassador Ron Dermer, Kellyanne Conway, Charles Krauthammer, Eric Metaxas, and many others. We hope that you take the encouragement and knowledge gained through three days of speeches, panel discussions, and praise and worship back to your community and continue the fight for our shared values, including religious liberty and the sanctity of human life. Please JOIN US as we continue the momentum generated at  Road to Majority,  but in the meantime, take a moment and enjoy photos from all three days! <N> King James Bible Israel's Kingdom Blessing (2 Samuel 23:1-7) 1{A Song or Psalm of David.} O God, my heart is fixed; I will sing and give praise, even with my glory. 2Awake, psaltery and harp: I myself will awake early. 3I will praise thee, O LORD, among the people: and I will sing praises unto thee among the nations. 4For thy mercy is great above the heavens: and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds. 5Be thou exalted, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth; 6That thy beloved may be delivered: save with thy right hand, and answer me. 7God hath spoken in his holiness; I will rejoice, I will divide Shechem, and mete out the valley of Succoth. 8Gilead is mine; Manasseh is mine; Ephraim also is the strength of mine head; Judah is my lawgiver; 9Moab is my washpot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe; over Philistia will I triumph. 10Who will bring me into the strong city? who will lead me into Edom? 11Wilt not thou, O God, who hast cast us off? and wilt not thou, O God, go forth with our hosts? 12Give us help from trouble: for vain is the help of man. 13Through God we shall do valiantly: for he it is that shall tread down our enemies. <N> Psalms 109:8 says, 'Let his days be few; and let another take his office.' The citation is being passed around the Internet as a rallying cry against President Obama. President Barack Obama speaking at the Museum of Science and Technology in Shanghai, Monday. Theres a new slogan making its way onto car bumpers and across the Internet. It reads simply: Pray for Obama: Psalm 109:8 A nice sentiment? Maybe not. The psalm reads, Let his days be few; and let another take his office. Presidential criticism through witty slogans is nothing new. Bumper stickers, t-shirts, and hats with 1/20/09 commemorated President Bushs last day in office. But the verse immediately following the psalm referenced is a bit more ominous: Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow. The slogan comes at a time of heightened concern about antigovernment anger. Earlier this year, the president's senior adviser, David Axelrod, said that Tea Parties could lead to something unhealthy. In September, authorities shut down a poll on Facebook asking if President Obama should be killed. Still, that doesnt push the Psalms citation into the realm of hate speech, says Chris Hansen, a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). The use of Psalm 109:8 is ambiguous as to whether its users are calling for the President to serve only one term, or less than one term, he says. Deborah Lauter, director of civil rights at the Anti-Defamation League agrees that the bumper sticker falls within acceptable political discourse. For it to be considered hate speech, it would advocate actual violence or cite scripture that was more clear in its message. But that doesnt mean that its completely innocent. Are we concerned about real hostility towards [President Obama]? Absolutely, says Ms. Lauter. Is this a part of that movement? It may be, but in terms of this message itself, we would not criticize it. The problem is you dont know if people who are donning that message in a shirt or on a bumper sticker are fully aware of the quote or what follows. Obviously that message makes the ambiguity disappear. If theyre just referring to him being out of office, thats one thing. If theyre referring to him being dead, thats so offensive. Its protected speech, but its clearly offensive. For many, the slogan is just a humorous way express disapproval for President Obama. Its been tweeted and retweeted by Obama critics with messages like too funny and an excellent prayer for America. Twitter user Cheri Douglas felt compelled to share the psalm with others. Reached by phone, she said she found it on website while searching for Bible passages relating to leadership  a topic on which she writes, speaks, and consults for a living. Ms. Douglas was unaware of the verses that followed the ones she referenced and doesnt think that those who shared the psalm wish the President harm. I dont believe theres Christians who wish him ill will, she says. But Douglas does say shes unhappy with the president and used the psalm to convey that shed like him to serve only one term. See also: Facebook poll on killing Obama sign of antigovernment anger Axelrod comment that tea parties are 'unhealthy' stokes militia fears ----- Follow us on Twitter. <N> On 6 June 2016, on the eve of several primaries, news outlet Associated Press called the Democratic nomination for Hillary Clinton: Hillary Clinton has commitments from the number of delegates needed to become the Democratic Partys presumptive nominee for president, and will be first woman to top the ticket of a major U.S. political party. An Associated Press count of pledged delegates won in primaries and caucuses and a survey of party insiders known as superdelegates shows Clinton with the overall support of the required 2,383 delegates. Now the presumptive nominee, she will formally accept her partys nomination in July at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. Other news organizations quickly followed suit: The Associated Press declared Mrs. Clinton the presumptive nominee by reaching out to superdelegates who had not announced which candidate they were supporting, and confirming that enough were backing Mrs. Clinton to get her to the magic number of 2,383. However, superdelegates (or unpledged delegates) can change their minds and switch their loyalties until the Democratic National Convention, so its not completely accurate to call Clinton the presumptive nominee. That point wasnt lost on the Sanders campaign, which quickly put out a press release saying the Associated Press had jumped the gun: It is unfortunate that the media, in a rush to judgement, are ignoring the Democratic National Committees clear statement that it is wrong to count the votes of superdelegates before they actually vote at the convention this summer. Secretary Clinton does not have and will not have the requisite number of pledged delegates to secure the nomination. She will be dependent on superdelegates who do not vote until July 25 and who can change their minds between now and then. They include more than 400 superdelegates who endorsed Secretary Clinton 10 months before the first caucuses and primaries and long before any other candidate was in the race. Our job from now until the convention is to convince those superdelegates that Bernie is by far the strongest candidate against Donald Trump. Clintons campaign didnt let the story pass without comment: <N> CLAIM A billboard in Finland states that it is legal for refugees to rape women. RATING ORIGIN In January 2016, several disreputable web sites such as USA Daily Politics and Jews News published a photograph purportedly showing a billboard in Finland that stated that it was legal for refugees arriving in that country to rape women: This image does not depict a real billboard in Finland. Its a fake picture that has been circulating online since at least 2008 and was likely created back then in an attempt to tarnish Finlands Green League political party Vihreat. The fabricated image was based on a real billboard that was posted by Doctors Without Borders in Liberia. The real billboard said nothing about refugees or Finlands Green League political party; instead, it instructed rape victims to seek free treatment immediately at a local clinic: The altered photograph, which was changed from its original to show three dark-skinned men assaulting a blonde woman, plays to popular racist tropes about swarthy men and helpless fair-skinned women, which has been used as an excuse for violence against minorities for generations. <N> Special bulletin from Greg Palast [Los Angeles] Its not some grand conspiracy, but its grand theft nonetheless. Sen. Bernie Sanders voters will lose their ballots, their rights, by the tens of thousands. The steal is baked into the way California handles No Party Preference NPP voters what we know as independents. There are a mind-blowing 4.2 million voters in California registered NPP  and they share a love for sunshine and Bernie Sanders. According to the reliable Golden State poll, among NPP voters, Sen. Sanders whoops Sec. Hillary Clinton by a stunning 40 percentage points. On the other team, registered Democrats prefer Clinton by a YUGE 30 points. NPPs can vote in the Democratic primary, so, the California primary comes down to a fight between Ds and NPPs. And theres the rub. In some counties like Los Angeles, its not easy for an NPP to claim their right vote in the Democratic primary  and in other counties, nearly impossible. Example: In Santa Rosa, Sonoma County, if you dont say the magic words, I want a Democratic crossover ballot, you are automatically given a ballot without the presidential race. And ready for this, if an NPP voter asks the poll worker, How do I get to vote in the Democratic party primary, they are instructed to say that, NPP voters cant get Democratic ballots. They are ordered not to breathe a word that the voter can get a crossover ballot that includes the presidential race. Im not kidding. This is from the official Election Officer Training Manual page 49: A No Party Preference voter will need to request a crossover ballot from the Roster Index Officer. (Do not offer them a crossover ballot if they do not ask). Theyre not kidding. Poll worker Jeff Lewis filed a description of the training in an official declaration to a federal court: Someone raised their hand and asked a follow-up question: So, what if someone gets a nonpartisan ballot, notices it doesnt have the presidential candidates on it, and asks you where they are? The answer poll workers are instructed to give: Sorry, NPP ballots dont have presidential candidates on them. Thats correct: even when people ask questions of that nature, obviously intending to vote with a party. This affidavit, and several even more horrifying, come from Election Justice USA, a non-partisan watchdog, hoping to get injunctions to stop this nonsense. [Hear my talk with the groups spokesman, Paul Thomas, on a special edition of the The Best Democracy Money Can Buy: Elections Crime Bulletin, which I host with Dennis Bernstein on the Pacifica Radio Network.] Let me throw in another complication. Nearly half of Californians vote by mail, ballots sent to your home automatically. Most NPP voters dont realize that, to vote in the Democratic primary today, they must bring in their NPP ballot with the envelope, and say these magic words: I want to surrender my ballot in return for a Democratic crossover ballot. Got that memorized? Because if you dont, if you say the wrong syllables, in some counties, you will be denied a Democratic presidential ballot. Bruce C. Carter is losing his mind over this. I interviewed Carter who arrived in his Black Men for Bernie bus, decorated with a giant image of Bernies arrest while demonstrating for civil rights. Carter warns that, If an NPP voter doesnt say they are surrendering their NPP ballot, the clerk can take it and count it, blank, instead of giving the voter a new one. It gets far worse. There are simply not enough crossover ballots printed. If they run out of ballots, Carter his telling voters to demand a recorded vocal vote using the voice recorders set up for the disabled. Unfortunately, the games hardly end there. Election Justice filed still more declarations with the courts of poll workers being told to give NPP voters provisional ballots even if they say the magic words, I want a crossover Democratic ballot. As Ive previously reported, provisional ballots are placebo ballots that let you feel like youve voted, but you havent. Provisional ballots are generally discarded. Minutes ago I got a note from NPP voter Olga Martinez in Contra Costa County where she was told she must take a provisional ballot. She heard our reports and demanded the Democratic ballot and got it. ML King told us, you dont get your rights unless you demand them. And this note just came in minutes ago from my KPFK co-host, Cary Harrison. I am in West Hollywood and was just denied voting twice! Im NPP. I do not even appear on the voting rolls nor does my STREET on the voting rolls. Voting suppression is in full swing. Cary just called. He drove to a new precinct as directed: and was again denied a ballot. And dig this: Some counties are demanding that some of the first-time voters show official voter IDas if California is now New Alabama. New voters are, in the main, the young Sanders supporters who are now finding out what its like to be treated as if theyve turned Black. There is no evidence this Grand Theft Voto is part of a massive scheme by Hillary supporters to swipe the election. The voting system is run mostly by the Democratic Party which is totally in Hillarys pocket. So while the establishment party officials know of the absurd impediments to voting, they see no reason to solve these problems because it doesnt harm their voters. Most of this procedural nonsense, like the need to surrender an NPP ballot with an envelope and request a crossover ballot  well, frankly, Bernies campaign has known about that all year. The Sanders campaign was spending time talking policy at giant rallies instead of educating their voters on how to vote. In the rat maze called the American voting system, the painfully amateur Sanders campaign never provided a vote-guiding map. I dont believe Clinton booster Governor Jerry Brown intended to play Bull Connor. Nevertheless, Brown and the Democratic establishments mad hunger to see their candidate wrap up the nomination, has led them to turn a blind eye to a catastrophe for our democracy. * * * * * * Greg Palast (Rolling Stone, Guardian, BBC) is the author of The New York Times bestseller, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy, which will be released as a feature documentary movie this fall. Find out how to Steal Back You Vote, and make sure it counts, by downloading our FREE election protection comic. Subscribe to Palasts mailing list and Podcast to receive regular updates on this issue. Visit the Palast Investigative Fund store or simply make a tax-deductible contribution to keep our work alive! GregPalast.com <N> Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved WKRG - MOBILE, Ala. (WKRG) - Purple flags are popping up all over the Florida panhandle as a nearly-invisible nuisance is causing a headache for beach-goers. Sea lice, also known as beach lice, have been confirmed in South Walton and Santa Rosa Beaches, and they may be moving west towards Alabama. Sea lice are virtually impossible to see underwater, making them difficult to track. They are known to get stuck underneath bathing suits and irritate the skin, causing a rash known as seabather's eruption. Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Seabathers eruption (courtesty: Florida.gov) Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Seabathers eruption (courtesty: Florida.gov) Rashes may include elevated skin with a reddish tint and some small blisters. Severe reactions can cause fever, chills, nausea and headache. News 5 has contacted officials in Orange Beach, who say they not heard any reports of sea lice on their beaches. Officials from Gulf Shores could not be reached. Experts say sea lice appear particularly in areas with warmer climates, such as the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean. Anyone in or near the affected areas with a raised purple flag is at risk. Officials say the best form of treatment is to rub the affected area with sand or the edge of a credit card and flush the skin with hot water. Your natural reaction may be to flush the affected area with cold water, but don't - hot water is the key, experts say. Sea lice are the larvae of jellyfish and other ocean stingers that find their way onto shore in the currents. These microscopic larvae contain the same stinging cells as the adult creatures. Therefore, they sting - not bite. So far, there have been no reports of sea lice on Alabama's beaches. <N> What Are Lice? Lice are tiny parasites that live on human beings and feed on blood. They seldom cause serious medical problems, but they are both annoying and contagious. There are three types of lice that can live on people. Head lice (Pediculus humanus capitis) are about the size of a sesame seed or 2.1 to 3.3 millimeters long when adults. Their eggs, called nits, are barely visible whitish or yellow ovals that attach to hair shafts. Having head lice isn't related to the degree of personal hygiene. Head lice are contagious, especially among schoolchildren. They afflict an estimated 6 million to 12 million children in the United States each year. More girls get head lice -- likely because girls have more physical contact with one another and share more personal articles (such as hats, clothing, combs) that can transmit head lice. Head lice are rare among African-Americans, possibly because the shafts of their hair have a shape that lice cannot grasp easily. Pubic lice (Pthirus pubis) are yellow-gray parasites found in the pubic region and transmitted by sexual contact. They are only 1.1 to 1.8 mm long and are also called crab lice, or crabs, because of their shape and the crab-like claw-like front legs with which they cling to hair. Eggs can barely be seen; these tiny white particles attach so firmly to hair shafts that they are not removed by normal washing. Sometimes pubic lice may be found in other areas of the body containing coarse hair, such as armpits or the chest. Body lice (Pediculus humanus corporis) are nearly identical in appearance to head lice but may be more difficult to find. Adults grow to 2.3 to 3.6 mm long. When not feeding, they tend to hide in the seams of clothing and folds of bedding. If the lice are not treated, the person can develop complications such as skin sores or bacterial infection of the affected area. Body lice can also spread blood infections. Lice live successfully all over the world, wherever people gather in close proximity, such as in schools. <N> Cnidarians are incredibly diverse in form, as evidenced by colonial siphonophores, massive medusae and corals, feathery hydroids, and box jellies with complex eyes. Yet, these diverse animals are all armed with stinging cells called nematocysts. Cnidarians are united based on the presumption that their nematocysts have been inherited from a single common ancestor. The name Cnidaria comes from the Greek word "cnidos," which means stinging nettle. Casually touching many cnidarians will make it clear how they got their name when their nematocysts eject barbed threads tipped with poison. Many thousands of cnidarian species live in the world's oceans, from the tropics to the poles, from the surface to the bottom. Some even burrow. A smaller number of species are found in rivers and fresh water lakes. There are four major groups of cnidarians: Anthozoa, which includes true corals, anemones, and sea pens; Cubozoa, the amazing box jellies with complex eyes and potent toxins; Hydrozoa, the most diverse group with siphonophores, hydroids, fire corals, and many medusae; and Scyphozoa, the true jellyfish. Click on the buttons below to learn more about Cnidaria. Visit the Cnidaria WWW Server for information and links dealing with all manner of cnidarians. Visit the home page of the Hydrozoan Society. <N> Nematocyst, minute, elongated, or spherical capsule produced exclusively by members of the phylum Cnidaria (e.g., jellyfish, corals, sea anemones). Several such capsules occur on the body surface. Each is produced by a special cell called a cnidoblast and contains a coiled, hollow, usually barbed thread, which quickly turns outward (i.e., is everted) from the capsule upon proper stimulation. The purpose of the thread, which often contains poison, is to ward off enemies or to capture prey. When stimulated by chemical or mechanical cues, a lidlike structure on the top of the capsule pops aside, and the thread everts explosively with a twisting motion. As eversion and twisting proceed, the barbs act like a drill, penetrating into (and pulling the thread into) the foreign object. If a toxin is present, it passes through the hollow thread, penetrating and paralyzing the victims tissues. After eversion, the thread separates from the nematocyst. The threads of some nematocysts ensnare small prey by wrapping about them. The stinging effect of nematocysts in the Portuguese man-of-war and some jellyfish (qq.v.) species can be extremely painful to humans and may cause paralysis, shock, and even death. Nematocysts are a type of cnidae, and it is the presence of cnidae that separates jellyfish and other cnidarians from other animals. Cnidae are among the most complex intracellular secretion products known. <N> A California elementary school student has one simple wish: Make school dress codes great again. Third-grader Logan Autry, 9, said officials at Powers-Ginsburg Elementary School in Fresno told him to remove his Make America Great Again hat because it could stir negative emotions in other children. The red baseball cap with the phrase printed in white capital letters has become almost synonymous with the campaign of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. The principal told me to take it off, and I still didnt take it off, Autry told Fox and Friends on Saturday. And she said it was against the dress code to wear the hat, but I looked in the dress code and it was not against it. Autrys stepmom, Angela Hoffknecht, said the request to remove the hat came after an older student made a remark about the cap. They told me to take my hat off because it brings negative emotions to the other children who dont like [Trump], Autry told 11Alive. The Fresno Unified School District said in a statement it was responsible for providing a safe learning environment. It is also our responsibility to take precautions when the discourse begins to impact our school climate and interrupt school operations, the statement said. After Autrys story went public, he got to meet Trump, shake his hand and have the likely GOP nominee sign his hat, Hoffknecht said. The hat, however, didnt have such a happy ending: The Autrys family dog ripped it apart while Logan was swimming. <N>  Educationally Appropriate Dress and Grooming Any apparel, hair style, cosmetic or jewelry, even if not specifically mentioned below, which creates a safety concern, draws undue attention to the wearer, or tends to distract from the educational process is prohibited unless addressed elsewhere in this regulation. Additionally, the following items are specifically prohibited: Headwear, other than hats or caps, will not be allowed at school. Hats and/or caps must be removed in the classroom, cafeteria, or offices and worn in the appropriate manner. Baseball caps must be worn with bills facing forward. Sunglasses are not to be worn in the classrooms, offices or other school facilities (unless prescribed by a physician.) Shoes must be worn on campus and at school functions. All shoes must have heel coverage or straps. Flip-flops or backless shoes are not acceptable. Shoes with wheels, shoes with high heels or wedge heels (exceeding 1" at the back or the ball of the foot), combat boots, or shoes with steel toes are also not acceptable for school. Underwear-type sleeveless shirts, tube tops, halter tops, spaghetti straps, sagging or bagging pants, pants that do not fit at the waist, any clothing that is more than one size larger than wearers size, or radically altered or frayed clothing are not acceptable. Any see-through clothing, clothing that reveals a bare midriff or chest, or clothes that expose the body in a sexually suggestive manner shall not be worn. Dresses, skirts, and shorts are acceptable as long as they are no more than 4 inches above the knee. Shorts are to be hemmed and not form fitting. Bike shorts (spandex) and form-fitting shorts are not acceptable. Attire which may be used as a weapon may not be worn, including but not limited to steel toe boots, chains, items with spikes or studs, and other items deemed inappropriate by the principal or vice principal. Fashion that draws undue attention to the wearer and detracts from the educational environment are not acceptable. This includes exotic clothing, body piercing, etc. Grooming and personal decorations must be age-appropriate, non-distracting, and safe. Facial make-up, including lip-gloss, and artificial fingernails may not be worn. Earrings must be stud-type with no dangling parts or hoops. Earrings may be worn only on the earlobe and are limited to one earring per earlobe. Body piercing (eyebrows, nose, lips, tongue, navel) is not acceptable. Tattoos are not to be worn or displayed. <N> Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved KSEE-TV - FRESNO, CA (KSEE) -- A Fresno, California student's Donald Trump hat is causing problems at his school. "It's my favorite hat," says third grader Logan Autry. "The First Amendment says I can wear my hat." Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved But his red hat, reading "Make America Great Again", has caused problems for Logan. "They told me to take my hat off because it brings negative emotions to the other children who don't like him," he says. Logan said Thursday school officials at Powers-Ginsburg Elementary School told him to take his Donald Trump hat off due to safety concerns after other students confronted him. "They were saying they didn't like Trump, they were saying he was stupid," says Logan. "I had to explain to them what Donald Trump was actually doing." According to district code, hats are permitted outside of the classroom but if they become a distraction, they can ask students to not wear them. The district released the following statement: "Our job as educators is to facilitate a safe learning environment where we encourage robust conversations of diverse and thoughts. We are proud that in this case, our school achieved that goal by allowing the student to wear his hat for several days. However, it is also our responsibility to take precautions when the discourse begins to impact our school climate and interrupt school operations." Despite the controversy, Logan said he plans to keep wearing his hat. <N> 9 year old banned from wearing @realDonaldTrump hat at school devastated after hat is chewed by dogs while swimming pic.twitter.com/iVXhDy7Cke  Sontaya Rose (@SontayaRose) June 6, 2016 One local Trump supporter is being banned from wearing a signature Donald Trump hat to school after it began to draw tense conversations.Logan Autry left Powers-Ginsburg Elementary School early on Thursday because school leaders said something he was wearing is causing a safety concern on campus-- his red hat."The vice principal came up to me and told me to take my hat off because it brings negative attention from other students. And I said no a few times and then the principal told me again and I still said no and refused," said Logan Autry.For three days straight the third grader wore the hat to class. But each day, more and more classmates began confronting him at recess."I still want to keep my hat. It's not the hat that draws attention, it's just my personality that the other children do not like," said Autry.Autry recently moved to Fresno from the foothills, he loves politics and American history."He knows more than I do. He knows more about this election than I know, it's kind of embarrassing. You know, like are you smarter than a third grader kinda thing. But he is just very adamant about his beliefs and his rights. He wants to be a politician that's his goal," said Angela Hoffknecht, Logan's guardian.He already has the shirt and tie down, and practices speeches about Trump on the playground."I've told them his policies on illegal immigration, and our second amendment, and our first amendment and all of our amendments that need to be protected which are not going to be an amendment at all if Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders gets elected," said Autry.Autry got his $20-- now, controversial-- hat when he skipped school to attend a Trump rally last week."He doesn't speak like a politician. He speaks like a normal person. He knows what this country needs."Autry briefly met the presidential hopeful during his local stop and even got his hat autographed."I got to shake his hand and I felt his hair too, and it's actually real. On the TV it looks not real, but it like, has a blur but when you see it in real life it looks a lot different."From the mouth of a nine-year-old who won't back down from upper graders, or district officials, who say they are out to protect him and everyone else on school grounds.With school almost out Logan's family members are trying to offer him alternative hats to wear, such as one with an American flag. But, so far he has not been willing to swap out his red one.------"Our job as educators is to facilitate a safe learning environment where we encourage robust conversations of diverse ideas and thoughts. We are proud that in this case our school achieved that goal by allowing the student to wear his hat for several days and engage in conversations with classmates."It is also our responsibility to take precautions when the discourse begins to impact our school climate and interrupt school operations."The student was asked to temporarily remove his hat only after there was an incident of substantial disruption. However, to be clear, school officials never imposed an outright ban. The student was not banned from school and was never banned from wearing the hat. School officials reached out multiple times to the guardians to inform them that the student could continue to wear the hat as long there were no further incidents of disruption. However, the guardians have not responded." <N> The comment from the billionaire businessman and presumptive GOP presidential nominee came during a speech in North Dakota while touting his economic ideas and decrying the "stealth tax" of crime in a speech on energy. "There's one more thing that we must do to make America wealthy again, and you have to be wealthy in order to be great, I'm sorry to say," Trump said during his speech in Bismarck. ADVERTISEMENT After entertaining an audience member who yelled about building a wall on the nation's southern border, Trump continued, "We have to make our communities safe again." "Violent crime is rising in our major cities across the country. This is totally unacceptable," he said. "It undermines their schools, slashes the value of their homes and drives away their jobs," he continued. "Crime is a stealth tax, it's a stealth tax on the poor." "To those living in fear, I say: Help is coming, it's coming soon," Trump said. "A Trump administration will return law and order to America." He added that security "should be enjoyed by all" and not just the wealthiest and most powerful individuals. <N> Fun Facts Some interesting, fun facts about the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and the Indianapolis 500: Churchill Downs, Yankee Stadium, the Rose Bowl, the Roman Colosseum and Vatican City all can fit inside the IMS oval, which covers 253 acres. The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is the worlds largest spectator sporting facility, with more than 250,000 permanent seats. If the seat boards from the grandstands at IMS were laid end-to-end, they would stretch 99.5 miles. The first event at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway was a helium gas-filled balloon competition on Saturday, June 5, 1909, more than two months before the oval was completed. IMS Grounds Information IMS total acreage: 1,025 (includes track, Brickyard Crossing Golf Course, all parking lots) IMS infield: 253 acres; Parking acreage: 750 acres 26 bridges, six tunnels 17 grandstands with a 220-acre footprint (if the seat boards were laid end-to-end, they would stretch 99.5 miles) Indianapolis 500 Food & Beverage Information (May 2009) Coca-Cola products: More than 16,000 gallons, which would fill two tanker trucks Miller Lite and other beer products: More than 14,000 gallons Indy Dogs: If laid end-to-end, would circle the 2.5-mile IMS oval more than two times Bratwurst: If laid end-to-end, would circle the 2.5-mile IMS oval more than one time Brickyard Burgers: More than 10,000 pounds, equal to the weight of six IZOD IndyCars Track fries: More than 24,000 pounds, equal to the weight of an elephant Chicken tenders: More than 2,000 pounds, equal to the weight of 13 Borg-Warner Trophies Ketchup: More than 475 gallons, which would fill 10 bathtubs Ice: More than 300,000 pounds Indianapolis 500 Food & Beverage Information (Race Day 2009) Not-for-profit group and third-party vendor workers on site: More than 1,000 IMS concession stands: 61 IMS Margarita/Bloody Mary bars: 29 Beer/soft drink vendors in grandstands: Approximately 100 Ice cream/frozen lemonade locations: 44 Pretzel/fresh-squeezed lemonade locations: 35 Indianapolis 500 Television Information (May 2009) Miles of cable run outside of the Broadcast Compound: 42 Miles of cable run within the Broadcast Compound: 10 Additional staff hired by IMS Productions: 223 Worldwide television distribution of the Indianapolis 500 broadcast: 213 countries, with an audience reach of over 292 million households Indianapolis 500 Retail Information (Race Day 2009) If all the post cards sold in IMS Gift Shops were laid end to end, they would span more than 3 miles The most popular item sold in the Gift Shops was the Indianapolis 500 Official Program The most expensive item in the Gift Shops: A TAG-Heuer watch, $1,450 The least expensive item in the Gift Shops: A post card, 33 cents If all T-shirts sold at IMS were stretched end to end, they would reach Terre Haute, Ind. Miscellaneous Indianapolis 500 Information (May 2009) <N> The History of Churchill Downs Horse racing in Kentucky is rich in history, dating back to 1789 when the first race course was laid out in Lexington. However, it was almost 100 years later, in 1875, that Churchill Downs officially opened and began its tradition as "Home of the Kentucky Derby." The Founding of Churchill Downs began in 1872, when Colonel Meriwether Lewis Clark traveled to England and France in 1872. Clark attended the Epsom Derby in England, which sparked his ambition to create a spectacle horse racing event in America. Upon his return to the states, Clark began the development of the racetrack, with intentions to showcase the Kentucky breeding industry that eventually became known as "Churchill Downs." The track was constructed on eighty acres of land that Clark leased from his uncles, John and Henry Churchill, approximately three miles south of downtown Louisville. To fund the initial construction, Clark raised money by selling membership subscriptions to the track. With 320 membership subscriptions sold for $100 each, Clark raised a total of $32,000. This profit was used to construct a clubhouse, grandstand, Porters Lodge, and six stables on site for the opening of the track. Throughout the years, the initial structures still stand, but the racetrack has continued to grow and modernize. Today, Churchill Downs spans 147 acres with its most significant structure being the Twin Spires, an architectural feature which sits atop the grandstand and has become the universally recognized symbol for Churchill Downs and the Kentucky Derby. Churchill Downs had its first official race day, which formally opened the track on May 17, 1875. For the opening meet, Clark created three major stakes races- the Kentucky Derby, Kentucky Oaks and Clark Handicap. These were modeled after three premier races in England- the Epsom Derby, Epsom Oaks and St. Leger Stakes. The winner of the first race was Bonaventure; however the winner of the days featured race, the Kentucky Derby, was a three-year-old chestnut colt, Aristides. Owned by H.P. McGrath, Aristides was trained by and ridden by two African-Americans, Ansel Williamson and Oliver Lewis. A crowd reaching 10,000 spectators witnessed the fifteen thoroughbreds run the first 1.5 mile long Kentucky Derby. Aristides victory launched a tradition that has been held continuously at Churchill Downs annually since their debut in 1875, making this year the 141st running of Kentucky Derby and Kentucky Oaks. Today, Churchill Downs Racetrack is owned and operated by Churchill Downs Incorporated. Churchill Downs currently holds the record for the longest-running, continuous sporting event in the United States. In 1875, the tracks inaugural meet reached nearly 10,000 spectators, unknowingly initiating an annual ritual that is now universally recognized bringing in record-breaking crowds of more than 170,000. With many changes over the course of three centuries, the Kentucky Derby is known to be the most exciting two minutes in sports. 1872 Clark devised the idea of a Louisville Jockey Club for conducting race meets, inspired by his trip to England and France. 1874 The first public notice of establishment of the track was reported in the May edition of the Courier-Journal. 1875 The inaugural meet formally opened the track on May 17, 1875, including three races- the Kentucky Derby, Kentucky Oaks and Clark Handicap. Bonaventure won the first race at the track and Aristides won the first running of the Kentucky Derby. 1883: Leonatus wins the Derby, and the name Churchill Downs is first used to landmark the racetrack that is the home of the Kentucky Derby. 1894: The New Louisville Jockey Club was incorporated. William F. Schulte was appointed President and Clark was retained as Presiding Judge for the track. 1895: Schulte constructed a new grandstand complemented by two twin spires atop the roof on the opposite side of the track for a reported cost of $100,000. 1902: Financial problems plagued the racetrack; Charles Grainger took over as President, Charlie Price as Racing Secretary, and Matt J. Winn as Vice President. 1903: Under this administration, the track finally showed its first profit, 28 years after its founding. 1907: The owners of Churchill Downs, who were officials of the New Louisville Jockey Club, joined with nearby Douglas Park to form the Louisville Racing Association, whose purpose was to establish race dates and policies for racing in the City. This relationship led to the formation of the Kentucky Jockey Club in February 1919. 1910: The first recorded flight in Kentucky takes off in the infield 1928: The American Turf Association serves as the new holding company for the racetracks including- Churchill Downs, Douglas Park, Lexington, Latonia in Kentucky & Fairmount Park, Lincoln Fields, and Washington Park in Illinois. 1937: The track was incorporated as Churchill Downs. 1938: Matt Winn becomes President and creates a committee to operate the track as a nonprofit entity, donating $1.5 million to charity over a 10 year period. 1949: Following the death of Matt Winn, William Veeneman was named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of both Churchill Downs and the American Turf Association. At the end of the year, Bill Corum was named President of the track. 1950: The once mighty American Turf Association came as stockholders voted to dissolve the association. Shareholders of the association exchanged their shares on a one for one basis for the Churchill Downs Incorporated stock. 1952-1955: Under the direction of Bill Corum, the racetrack continued to grow and modernize by adding new barns, seating, and sprinkler systems. 1959-1966: Wathen Knebelkamp was selected as the eighth President. Knebelkamp who initiated aggressive construction and renovations, including the installation of more seating and construction of the museum 1969: The Derby Protection Group was formed to counter a stock takeover attempt by National Industries and Lynn Stone became Churchill Downs ninth President. 1974: Under Stones leadership, the Derby celebrated its 100th running making a new record of 163,628 on hand. 1982: Stone computerized the pari-mutuel system and began development of a $7 million Kentucky Derby Museum. 1984: Stone resigned and was replaced by President Thomas H. Meeker, the youngest President since Clark (age 40). Meeker immediately began a five-year, $25 million renovation project which included- Paddock construction, clubhouse and barn improvements, and construction of the Matt Winn Turf Course. 1994: The Churchill Downs Management Company opened Hoosier Park at Anderson, Indianas first pari-mutuel track. 1998: Churchill Downs Incorporated finalized the purchase of Ellis Park racetrack in Henderson, Kentucky 1999: Churchill Downs Incorporated purchased Calder Race Course in Miami and Hollywood Park in Inglewood California. Alex Waldrop was named the 11th President of Churchill Downs. 2000: Churchill Downs Incorporated completed a merger with Chicagos Arlington International Racecourse (now Arlington Park), which involved an exchange of stock with Arlington owner Richard Duchossois. 2002-2003: Steve Sexton became President and began a two-step renovation process. Phase I provided over 60 luxury suites, and the following year, Phase II expanded the Turf Club, installed more seating, and created a new grand entrance. 2009: Kevin Flanery was named the 13th President of Churchill Downs Racetrack and also serves as a senior Vice President for Churchill Downs Incorporated. Churchill Downs hosts its first-ever night race with an attendance over 27,000. For more information on Churchill Downs History, get the PDF. <N> 1888 -- The Pasadena Valley Hunt Club is founded for "ladies and gentlemen" who wish to spend their leisure time outdoors. 1890 -- First Tournament of Roses parade and games. The members of the Valley Hunt Club voted to stage, on January 1, a parade of flower-decorated horse and buggies and public games to be held east of Los Robles between Colorado and Santa Fe. Following the parade, young men competed in foot races, tugs of war, and jousts and tourney of rings -- a game in which mounted horsemen, carrying 12-foot lances, tried to spear three rings hung about thirty feet apart while riding at top speed. The tourney of rings, coupled with the floral displays, prompted the first president to say, "Now we have the name we want -The Tournament of Roses." Attendance at first event: 2,000. 1902 -- First Tournament of Roses East-West football game is played  the first of its kind in the nation. The lopsided score (Michigan 49, Sanford 0) retires Tournament football for 16 years. 1904 -- First chariot races staged at Tournament Park. The races took the place of football until 1915 and drew an attendance of 2,500. 1913 -- Ostrich races dominated New Year's Day games, and the first and only elephant-camel races are held. The elephant wins. 1916 -- Football and the "Rose Bowl Game" are reinstated at Tournament Park, with Washington State defeating Brown, 14-0. 1920 -- It became increasingly evident that there was a need for a new site for the annual football game; Tournament President William L. Leishman envisions plans for a stadium and the plans begin. 1922 -- Construction of the horseshoe-shaped stadium is completed with a seating capacity of 57,000. The stadium was designed by Myron Hunt, with the Yale Bowls shape and size playing a major role in the construction of the new stadium. The stadium cost $272,198 which is the equivalent of nearly $3.4 million, in 2010 dollars. 1922 -- The Tournament of Roses Association built the Bowl in the Arroyo, a ravine of parkland and natural vegetation on the west side of Pasadena. 1923 -- The stadium is named "The Rose Bowl" and is dedicated, hosting its first college football game. Start of play was delayed more than an hour after Penn State's team was stuck in traffic. USC defeats Penn State, 14-2. This original stadium seated 57,000. 1925 -- In the Four Horsemen's last ride, Notre Dame (9-0) impresses the football world in its only Rose Bowl appearance by out-maneuvering Stanford (7-0-1) in a 27-10 thriller played before a sellout 53,000. It's Knute Rockne vs. Glenn Scobie "Pop" Warner and horsemen Elmer Layden, Jim Crowley, Harry Stuhldreher, Don Miller vs. Ernie Nevers. Layden scores three touchdowns, the last two on runs of 78 and 70 with interceptions of Nevers passes intended for the great end Ted Shipkey. Nevers, playing with injured ankles, carries 34 times for 117 yards, but is stopped inches short in a disputed goal line call by referee Ed Thorp as Stanford attempts a late rally. 1926 -- First local radio broadcast of the Rose Bowl Game was announced by Pasadena sportswriter and ex-Olympic track star Charlie Paddock, best known as the blond foil in the Academy Award-winning movie Chariots of Fire. 1928 -- The Tournament of Roses enclosed the south end of the stadium, adding 19,000 seats increasing the seating capacity to 76,000. They put more than $200,000 into this project, and it was completed just three days before the 1928 game, played on January 2. 1929 -- Wrong Way Roy Riegels, playing for California makes best-known play in Rose Bowl Game histories returning a Georgia Tech fumble toward his own goal line. Tech won, 8-7. 1931-- Wooden parts of the Rose Bowl stadium are removed and replaced with reinforced concrete and 10,000 seats are added bringing the total capacity to 83,000. 1932 -- Los Angeles welcomes the Olympic Summer Games and the Rose Bowl Stadium becomes the host to the cycling events. 1935 -- New powerful "brighter than daylight" lights are installed prior to the 1935 Rose Bowl Game at the Stadium. 1936 -- This game will go down in history as the beginning of the Rose Bowl Game sellout era that still exists today. All 84,784 seats were filled with a large portion of them occupied by fans that traveled from Texas to watch their Mustangs play. 1939 -- USC beats Duke, 7-3, on a famous come-from-behind touchdown drive as fourth-string quarterback Doyle nave and second-string end Antelope Al Kreuger combine for four completed passes and a final 19-yard touchdown pass as time runs out. 1942 -- In the first and only Rose Bowl Game to be played outside of Pasadena, Oregon State defeated Duke in Durham, North Carolina, due to the blackout on the West Coast caused by the war with Germany and Japan and an Army decree that grounded all sporting events on the West Coast. 1946 -- World War II ends and the Rose Bowl Game agreement between Pacific Coast and Big Ten conferences begins. 1947 -- The first local telecast of the Rose Bowl Game began this year on KTLA-TV. Those who tuned in watched The University of Michigan dismantle USC, 49-0. 1947 -- Groundbreaking Rose Bowl Game agreement signed between Pacific Coast and Big Ten Conferences is the oldest college football agreement between two major conferences in the United States. Illinois vs. UCLA is the first game played under Big 10 and Pac-10, Tournament of Roses Pact. 1949 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium is enlarged to accompany 100,807 guests. 1950 -- The fourth expansion for the stadium increased capacity to 100,983. The Rose Bowl Game became the first bowl game in history to have 100,000 spectators in attendance at one time. 1952 -- New York Yankees broadcaster Mel Allen announced the first nationally televised college football bowl game. 1953 -- USC defeats Wisconsin, 7-0, for the Pac-8s first victory since the PCC-Big Ten agreement was signed in 1946. 1955 -- UCLA was the PCC champion, but was barred from returning by the conferences no-repeat rule. 1956 -- The game was played on January 2, because New Years Day was a Sunday. The Tournament of Roses entered into a pact with God  stating that if they never held the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game on a Sunday, that God would not allow for it to ever rain on the parade or game. This game featured two of the most racially integrated college football teams of the day with six African-American players for the Bruins and seven for the Spartans. 1958 -- Hall of Fame basketball announcer Chick Hearn announced the game for NBC. 1961 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium designed and built a working press box. 1962 -- The Rose Bowl Game became the first college football game to be broadcast nationally in color. 1968 -- The first live satellite beaming of Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game around the world. 1969 -- The Rose Bowl Game serves as the kickoff to the 100th anniversary of intercollegiate football. 1972 -- Permanent seats are installed in the north and south ends increasing seating capacity to 104,594. At this same time, five concession stands are constructed and completed within the concourse and perimeter. 1973 -- Attendance of 106,869 is the largest crowd in bowl game history featuring The University of Southern California and The Ohio State University. 1977 -- The first Super Bowl to be played in Pasadena brought 103,438 fans to the Rose Bowl as the Oakland Raiders hammered the Minnesota Vikings, 32-14. Receiver Fred Biletnikoff was the Raiders man of the hour and game MVP, catching four passes for 79 yards and setting up three touchdowns. 1978 -- The Rose Bowl Game becomes the first satellite TV broadcast of a college bowl game to the Far East. 1978 -- The 1978 Rose Bowl Game featured future NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Warren Moon, who was voted the game MVP. 1980 -- Heisman Trophy winner Charles White set a Rose Bowl game record for most yards gained (247 yards) in USCs 17-10 victory over Michigan. 1980 -- An all-time Super Bowl attendance record of 103,985 watched the Pittsburgh Steelers overcome a fourth-quarter deficit and beat the hometown Los Angeles Rams, 31-19. The rally brought Pittsburgh its fourth Super Bowl title and quarterback Terry Bradshaw (14-for-21, 309 yards) MVP honors. 1982 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium becomes the official home of the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) football team. 1982 -- In July, Journey presented the Escape Tour, one of the most successful concert tours, in support of their first number one album, Escape. 1983 -- Super Bowl XVII comes to the Rose Bowl as 103,667 see the Washington Redskins defeat the Miami Dolphins, 27-17, behind John Riggins 43-yard touchdown burst in the fourth quarter. Riggins earned most valuable player honors for his 166 rushing in 38 carries. 1983 -- The Rose Bowl becomes the only stadium west of the Mississippi River to host the annual Army-Navy game, honoring the large military presence on the West Coast. Attendance totals to more than 81,000 patrons. 1984 -- In the 1984 Rose Bowl Game, a prank played by students from nearby California Institute of Technology altered the scoreboard display, an incident reminiscent of the Great Rose Bowl Hoax of 1961. A pair of Caltech students evaded security at the Rose bowl hacked into the electronic system and installed a computer that could be remotely controlled to alter the display on the stadiums digital scoreboard. During the game, the students from Caltech remotely altered the scoreboard display to show the teams playing in the game as Caltech and MIT, in place of UCLA and Illinois. One of the pranks perpetrators had received approval from his Caltech professor for the prank, which earned college credit for the course Experimental Projects in Electrical Circuits 1984 -- With Los Angeles playing host to the first profitable Olympic Games, the Rose Bowl serves as the site for the soccer competition. A crowd of 101,799 watched France defeat Brazil, 2-0, for the gold medal. 1985 -- The Ohio States Rich Spangler made the longest field goal in Rose Bowl Game history, for a total of 51 yards. 1987 -- The Rose Bowl plays host to the Super Bowl for the third time, where 101,063 watch quarterback Phil Simms earn most valuable player honors for his 22-for-25 passing performance, 368 yards and three touchdowns in leading the New York Giants to a 39-20 win over the Denver Broncos. 1988 -- First "live" network broadcast of the annual Rose Bowl Game in Spanish. 1989 -- In honor of the 75th Anniversary of the Rose Bowl, the Chrysler Corporation Court of Champions is created. Designed as a monument to Rose Bowl players and coaches, Howard Jones, Woody Hayes, Jim Plunkett and Bump Elliott are the first inductees into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame. 1991 -- The Tournament of Roses accepts the citys request to renovate the current press box, increasing its capacity from approximately 330 to more than 1,200 and competitively positions the City of Pasadena as a possible host to events such as the Super Bowl and World Cup. 1991 -- The 1991 Rose Bowl Game was the highest-scoring contest ever with the Washington Huskies defeating the Iowa Hawkeyes, 46-34 1994 -- Rose Bowl Game celebrated 80 years with the theme "Entertainment on Parade." The University of Wisconsin celebrated a 21-16 victory over UCLA. This was the first time in 30 years the Badgers played in the Rose Bowl. 1994 -- The largest single sports event in the world, the World Cup, set records at the Rose Bowl. Eight matches were played on June 18, 19, 22, 26, July 3, 13, 16 and the championship game on July 17. Brazils 3-2 victory over Italy on penalty kicks gave the South American power its fourth World Cup win. Gate receipts for the World Cup final totaled $43.5 million, which organizers said was the largest of any sports event ever staged. Total attendance at the Rose Bowl was 715,826. Average attendance per game was 89,478. The total attendance for all matches was 3,578,508, breaking the record of 2.5 million set four years earlier in Italy. 1994 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium hosted two sell-out crowds - Pink Floyd and The Rolling Stones. 1996 -- The Los Angeles Galaxy, one of 10 teams that make up Major League Soccer, selected the Rose Bowl at its new home stadium and played at the Rose Bowl until 2003. 1998 -- Installation of new stadium sound system and theatre-style seating between tunnels 1-8, 15-22. 1998 -- Rose Bowl joins the Bowl Alliance, a move that will bring the top college football teams to Pasadena every four years. Under the agreement, the Rose Bowl will continue playing host to the Pac-10 and Big Ten champions, while gaining the national title game in 2002 and every four years thereafter. 1999 -- The Rose Bowl Game gains an official sponsor and becomes the Rose Bowl Game, presented by AT&T. 1999 -- Five years after playing host to the mens World Cup, the Rose Bowl plays host to the Womens World Cup finals, where Team USA defeated China, 5-4, in penalty kicks in front of 90,185  the most-attended womens sports event in history. The Rose Bowl is one of two stadia to play host to both the mens and womens World Cup finals. 2000 -- The Stadium hosts the Remember the Titans Movie Premier with jumbo screen on the field, while spectators viewed the movie from the stands. 2002 -- For the first time in history, the Rose Parade and Rose Bowl Game are held on different days when the Rose Bowl played host to college football's national championship game. The Miami Hurricanes defeated the Nebraska Cornhuskers, 37-14. 2002 -- The Rose Bowl hosted the CONCACAF Gold Cup Final for the first time, the Stadium hosted the Final again in the summers of 2011 and 2013. 2004 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium is the site of Billy Grahams ninth Crusade in Southern California and it was his last public appearance. 2006 -- The 92nd Rose Bowl Game doubled as the national championship game. In a highly-charged game, the No. 2-ranked Texas Longhorns defeated the No. 1-ranked USC Trojans, 41-38, ending the Trojans' reign as national champions. The television broadcast attracted 35.6 million viewers, making it the most watched U.S. television program of the 2005-2006 season. 2007 -- A $16 Million-dollar renovation of sate-of-the-art locker rooms and a brand new media center is completed. 2007 -- Sports Illustrated named the Rose Bowl Stadium the number one venue in college sports. 2009 -- The U2 360 Tour was a worldwide concert tour by the Irish rock band U2. The tour featured a 360-degree configuration, with the stage placed closer to the center of the Stadium's field than typically done for concerts. The inspiration for the "spaaceship-on-four-legs" design, nicknamed "the Claw", came from the landmark Theme Building at Los Angeles International Airport. This concert, was attended by a record-breaking 97,000 and was the first performance to be live streamed on YouTube. 2009 -- On August 1, 2009, an attendance of 93,137 showed up when FC Barcelona defeated the Los Angeles Galaxy 2-1 in an exhibition match, making it the largest soccer attendance in the United States since the 1994 World Cup. The Tour 2014 game between Manchester United vs. Los Angeles Galaxy had a crowd of 86,432 on July 23, 2014 after recent renovation of the stadium. 2010 -- The BCS title game returned to Pasadena with unbeaten college football powers Texas and Alabama deciding the national championship in front of 94,906. Four plays into the game, Texas quarterback Colt McCoy was knocked out of the game with a shoulder injury and the Longhorns  unbeaten in three previous BCS bowl games and boasting the No. 1 rushing defense in the country  never recovered. 2010 -- Alabamas Heisman Trophy-winning running back Mark Ingram ran for 116 yards and two touchdowns as the Crimson Tide captured a 37-21 victory and their first national title since 1992. 2010 -- The Rose Bowl Legacy Foundation, a 501(c)3, tax-exempt organization whose primary purpose is to financially ensure the appropriate honoring of a historic past, while building a premier future through making the venue and surrounding activity spaces is established. 2011 -- The $152 million-dollar renovation of the iconic Rose Bowl Stadium begins. 2011 -- A record audience of 93,420 fans saw Mexico defeat the United States 4-2 in the 2011 Gold Cup match on June 25, 2011. 2013 -- The "Legends of the Summer" Stadium Tour was a co-headlining concert tour by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake and American rapper Jay Z. The tour supported Timberlake's third studio album, The 20/20 Experience and Jay Z's twelfth studio album, Magna Carta Holy Grail. The duo performed for an audience of approximately 65,000 in Pasadena. 2014 -- On January 1, 2014 the Tournament of Roses celebrated the 100th Rose Bowl Game. 2014 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium hosted the last BCS National Game Championship Game in its current format, before the College Football Playoff (CFP) began. 2014 -- This summer was known as the Summer of Concerts after hosting Beyonc and Jay Zs On the Run Tour and Eminem and Rihannas The Monster Tour. 2014 -- British-Irish boy band, One Direction played three sold out nights at the Rose Bowl Stadium in September on the same tour making them the first act ever to accomplish this, creating history. In honor of this accomplishment, the band received a plaque. 2015 -- The Stadium made history again, this time by having Kenny Chesney in concert which was the first Country concert to be played at the Rose Bowl Stadium. 2016 -- The Rose Bowl Stadium entered a busy concert season beginning in May with Beyonc and Coldplays A Head Full of Dreams Tour which lit up the bowl with LED wrist straps that lit up with the sounds from the music. 2016 -- The Rose Bowl also hosted three group stage matches of the Copa America Centenario in June, including match-ups between Brazil vs Ecuador, Mexico vs Jamaica and Colombia vs Paraguay. On July 27, 2016, the Rose Bowl Stadium also hosted a 2016 International Champions Cup match between Chelsea and Liverpool. Chelsea won the match 1-0. 2016 -- In the fall, the Rose Bowl Legacy Foundation received a generous gift from Wescom Credit Union. As part of the Parkway Entrance project at the stadium, an appropriate entrance experience as visitors enter the campus of the historic Rose Bowl Stadium was created in recognition of the Wescom gift. The entry sign highlights Rose Bowl Drive along with the Wescom name, as well as includes appropriate aesthetic elements such as Arroyo stone features. <N> Technical Description The buildings dimensions are impressive. It measures 189 meters (615 ft / 640 Roman feet) long and 156 meters (510 ft) wide, with a base area of 6 acres (24,000 m2). The height of the outer wall is 48 meters (157 ft), equivalent to a 12-15 story building. The perimeter originally measured 545 meters (1,788 ft). The central arena is an oval (287 ft) long and (180 ft) wide, surrounded by a wall (15 ft) high. The colossal monument could accommodate more than 50,000 spectators who could enter through 80 entrances. It is elliptical in plan. Above the wooden arena floor, there are other four floors, each one being a complex set of rooms and passageways, stairways and rows of seats. Te upper floors were destined to the lower classes and women. The lowest floor was dedicated to prominent citizens. Below the ground were rooms and cages for wild animals and the mechanical devices. There were passageways between the cages and the arena, through witch the animals could appear to the public. The Colosseum was covered with a huge awning, the velarium. More than 1,000 men were used to install it by anchor it to the ground. The velarium was used to protect the spectators from the sun. Technical Description - Colosseum <N> Popes in their secular role ruled portions of the Italian peninsula for more than a thousand years until the mid-19th century, when many of the Papal States were seized by the newly united Kingdom of Italy. In 1870, the pope's holdings were further circumscribed when Rome itself was annexed. Disputes between a series of "prisoner" popes and Italy were resolved in 1929 by three Lateran Treaties, which established the independent state of Vatican City and granted Roman Catholicism special status in Italy. In 1984, a concordat between the Holy See and Italy modified certain of the earlier treaty provisions, including the primacy of Roman Catholicism as the Italian state religion. Present concerns of the Holy See include religious freedom, threats against minority Christian communities in Africa and the Middle East, the plight of refugees and migrants, sexual misconduct by clergy, international development, interreligious dialogue and reconciliation, and the application of church doctrine in an era of rapid change and globalization. About 1.2 billion people worldwide profess Catholicism - the world's largest Christian faith. landlocked; enclave in Rome, Italy; world's smallest state; beyond the territorial boundary of Vatican City, the Lateran Treaty of 1929 grants the Holy See extraterritorial authority over 23 sites in Rome and five outside of Rome, including the Pontifical Palace at Castel Gandolfo (the Pope's summer residence) temperate; mild, rainy winters (September to May) with hot, dry summers (May to September) about 0.7 times the size of the National Mall in Washington, DC Italian, Swiss, Argentinian, and other nationalities from around the world (2017) conventional long form: The Holy See (Vatican City State) conventional short form: Holy See (Vatican City) local long form: La Santa Sede (Stato della Citta del Vaticano) local short form: Santa Sede (Citta del Vaticano) etymology: "holy" comes from the Greek word "hera" meaning "sacred"; "see" comes from the Latin word "sedes" meaning "seat," and refers to the episcopal chair; the term "Vatican" derives from the hill Mons Vaticanus on which the Vatican is located and which comes from the Latin "vaticinari" (to prophecy), referring to the fortune tellers and soothsayers who frequented the area in Roman times ecclesiastical elective monarchy; self-described as an "absolute monarchy" name: Vatican City geographic coordinates: 41 54 N, 12 27 E time difference: UTC+1 (6 hours ahead of Washington, DC, during Standard Time) daylight saving time: +1hr, begins last Sunday in March; ends last Sunday in October none 11 February 1929; note - the three treaties signed with Italy on 11 February 1929 acknowledged, among other things, the full sovereignty of the Holy See and established its territorial extent; however, the origin of the Papal States, which over centuries varied considerably in extent, may be traced back to A.D. 754 Election Day of Pope FRANCIS, 13 March (2013) history: previous 1929, 1963; latest adopted 26 November 2000, effective 22 February 2001 (Fundamental Law of Vatican City State); note - in October 2013, Pope Francis instituted a 9-member Council of Cardinal Advisors to reform the administrative apparatus of the Holy See (Roman Curia) to include writing a new constitution amendments: note - although the Fundamental Law of Vatican City State makes no mention of amendments, Article Four (drafting laws), states that this legislative responsibility resides with the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State; draft legislation is submitted through the Secretariat of State and considered by the pope (2016) religious legal system based on canon (religious) law has not submitted an ICJ jurisdiction declaration; non-party state to the ICCt citizenship by birth: no citizenship by descent: no dual citizenship recognized: no residency requirement for naturalization: not applicable note: in the Holy See, citizenship is acquired by law, ex iure, or by adminstrative decision; in the first instance, citizenship is a function of holding office within the Holy See as in the case of cardinals resident in Vatican City or diplomats of the Holy See; in the second instance, citizenship may be requested in a limited set of circumstances for those who reside within Vatican City under papal authorization, as a function of their office or service, or as the spouses and children of current citizens; citizenship is lost once an individual no longer permanently resides in Vatican City, normally reverting to the citizenship previously held election of the pope is limited to cardinals less than 80 years old chief of state: Pope FRANCIS (since 13 March 2013) head of government: Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro PAROLIN (since 15 October 2013); note - Head of Government of Vatican City is President Cardinal Giuseppe BERTELLO (since 1 October 2011) cabinet: Pontifical Commission for the State of Vatican City appointed by the pope elections/appointments: pope elected by the College of Cardinals, usually for life or until voluntary resignation; election last held on 13 March 2013 (next to be held after the death or resignation of the current pope); Secretary of State appointed by the pope election results: Jorge Mario BERGOGLIO, former Archbishop of Buenos Aires, elected Pope FRANCIS description: unicameral Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State or Pontificia Commissione per lo Stato della Citta del Vaticano (7 seats; members appointed by the pope to serve 5-year terms) elections: last held on 1 June 2013 highest court(s): Supreme Court or Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura (consists of the cardinal prefect, who serves as ex-officio president of the court, and 2 other cardinals of the Prefect Signatura); note - judicial duties were established by the Motu Proprio, papal directive, of Pope PIUS XII on 1 May 1946; most Vatican City criminal matters are handled by the Republic of Italy courts judge selection and term of office: cardinal prefect appointed by the pope; the other 2 cardinals of the court appointed by the cardinal prefect on a yearly basis subordinate courts: Appellate Court of Vatican City; Tribunal of Vatican City none CE (observer), IAEA, Interpol, IOM, ITSO, ITU, ITUC (NGOs), OAS (observer), OPCW, OSCE, Schengen Convention (de facto member), SICA (observer), UN (observer), UNCTAD, UNHCR, Union Latina (observer), UNWTO (observer), UPU, WIPO, WTO (observer) chief of mission: Apostolic Nuncio Archbishop Christophe PIERRE (since 27 June 2016) chancery: 3339 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20008 telephone: [1] (202) 333-7121 FAX: [1] (202) 337-4036 chief of mission: Ambassador Callista GINGRICH (since 22 December 2017) embassy: American Embassy to the Holy See, Via Sallustiana, 49, 00187 Rome, Italy mailing address: Unit 5660, Box 66, DPO AE 09624-0066 telephone: [39] (06) 4674-1 FAX: [39] (06) 4674-3412 two vertical bands of yellow (hoist side) and white with the arms of the Holy See, consisting of the crossed keys of Saint Peter surmounted by the three-tiered papal tiara, centered in the white band; the yellow color represents the pope's spiritual power, the white his worldly power crossed keys beneath a papal tiara; national colors: yellow, white name: "Inno e Marcia Pontificale" (Hymn and Pontifical March); often called The Pontifical Hymn lyrics/music: Raffaello LAVAGNA/Charles-Francois GOUNOD <N> President's Park The White House sits on an 18-acre plot of land that, together with the Ellipse to the south (52 acres total), is called "President's Park." The White House faces north (top) and sits opposite Lafayette Square Park, which honors the Marquis de Lafayette, hero of the American Revolution. Park Reservation Number One The grounds and exterior walls of the White House are designated Park Reservation Number One and maintained by the National Park Service. The interior of the Residence is the responsibility of the Executive Residence under the chief usher. The East Wing and West Wing are managed by the General Services Administration. The grounds and garden crew consists of 13 regular staff. The chief horticulturist is on the Executive Residence staff. The other 12 are National Park Service staff: 3 foremen, 8 gardeners, and 1 maintenance operator. Additional Park Service personnel can be called in for more infrequent work on trees, roads and trails, maintenance, and outdoor plumbing and electrical service. Click a color hotspot on the image for an in-depth view or continue your tour with the East Wing <N> MONUMENTS WITHIN THE TAJ COMPLEX One can see two identical buildings on either side of the Taj. These monuments are entirely made of red sandstone. While both these buildings are mosques, the one towards the west (left side of the Taj) is important and used for offering prayers, as it not only sanctifies the Taj but also faces Mecca. The replica on the other side is known as the Jawab (answer). TAJ MAHOTSAV Taj Mahal serves as a backdrop for the annual Taj Mahotsav (Taj festival), which is usually held in the month of February. The Taj Mahotsav is a celebration of traditional Indian art forms and crafts. The main events of this festival include classical dance performances by leading dance exponents and musical recitals by maestros, apart from display of various craft products and cultural shows. The canals and waterworks within the Charbagh provide a grand reflection of the Taj, further emphasizing the imagery of the paradise. The Muslims regard the Koran as a mirror image of a tablet in heaven, while the 'Tree of Life' grows upside down in the garden within the paradise. The architects who built the Taj Mahal made the canals and the waterworks in the garden, with the purpose of generating an upside down image of the Taj, to gel with the divine inspiration. After the completion of Taj Mahal each garden within the Charbagh was divided into 16 flowerbeds, making a total of 64. It is said that each flowerbed was planted with 400 plants. Trees were planted carefully in accordance with the symmetry of the overall plan. The trees, which were generally preferred, were either cypress (Cuprussus) (signifying death) or different fruit bearing trees (signifying life). These trees housed some of the most exotic birds, all of which added to the breathtaking environs of the Taj. The water channels crisscrossing the garden used to be full of colorful fish of various species. Special care was taken to maintain the garden, its waterworks as members of the royal family frequented it and stayed in the guesthouse (mehmankhana) near it. THE MAUSOLEUM The central path within the garden leads you to the Taj Mahal, which is placed on a high plinth (platform). The plinth is 6.7 m (21.98 ft) high and covers an area of 95 sq m (1,022.57 square feet). A double staircase facing the entrance to the tomb is the only way, which takes you on top of it. This plinth or pedestal is an ideal place from where you can have a panoramic view of the surroundings, which includes the lush green Charbagh in the front and the riverfront at the backside. From here, you can also admire the white towering structure of the Taj. There are four elegant tapering minarets, one on each corner of the plinth. Each of the minarets is 41.6 m (136.48 ft) high and is capped by a small cupola. The minarets, not only balance the main structure of the mausoleum, but are also placed in such a way that in case of a mishap, they do not fall over the main edifice. Each pillar has a letter written on it, which put together spell the word ar-rahman (all merciful) - one of the many names of Allah. The main structure of the Taj Mahal is square and is beveled at its corners. Each side of the Taj Mahal is 56.6 m (185.69 ft) long. On each facade arched recesses arranged in two stories flank a high iwan in the center. The top border of the iwan on each side rises higher than the rest of faade, thus concealing the neck of the dome behind it. A central bulbous dome crowns the magnificent structure. This dome is further surrounded by four chhatris (domed canopy, supported by pillars/cupola). Each of which is topped by a small finial. The dome is an important component of the Islamic style of architecture, as it is believed to be a link between heaven and earth. While the square structure of the edifice represents the material world, the dome symbolizes the vault of heaven. The octagonal part symbolizes the transitional phase between heaven and earth. The dome is topped by a brass finial, whose tip rises to a height of 73 m above the ground. Above the finial is the realm of transcendence. The entire structure of the dome is designed as a replica of God's throne in paradise, where a gigantic pearl dome stands supported by four corner pillars. According to Islam the rivers of grace flow through this dome. The outer walls of the Taj Mahal are decorated in a number of places with shallow marble carving apart from the elegant pietra dura work, which can be seen near arched recesses and borders. The entrance to the tomb leads you to the central hall, which houses the false tombs and has four small octagonal halls, grouped around it. The original graves are located in a crypt, which is directly below the central hall. The four smaller rooms were originally created for housing the graves of other members of the royal family. The tomb of Mumtaz Mahal, in whose honor the Taj Mahal was built, lies directly below the dome. The tomb is placed in such a manner that it is in direct alignment with the main entrance. The tomb of Shahjahan is much larger and is placed next to that of his beloved queen. The tombs are decorated with exquisite pietra dura (stone inlay) work. Apart from unexcelled inlay work the tomb of Mumtaz Mahal is inscribed by 99 different names of Allah. It is said that the royal graves once laid inside a gem encrusted gold railing, which was later removed and replaced by an octagonal, all marble lattice (jali-perforated screen) screen of the most exquisite craftsmanship. Delicate inlay work can be seen on the surface of the screen. The floral decorations on the screen are amazing. Some flowers created on the screen are made up of as many as 64 pieces. The different sections of the screen are carved out of a single piece of marble. Various sections of the screen are joined together with gilded fasteners and the entrance is fashioned out of jasper, in the Turkish style. <N> Liberty Island, formerly (until 1956) Bedloes Island, island, off the southern tip of Manhattan Island, New York, New York, U.S., in Upper New York Bay. It has an area of about 12 acres (5 hectares) and is the site of French sculptor Frdric-Auguste Bartholdis Liberty Enlightening the World (the Statue of Liberty). The island and nearby Ellis Island constitute Statue of Liberty National Monument. Although the monument is within New Jersey waters, Liberty Island and a portion of Ellis Island are within the territorial jurisdiction of New York state. The Statue of Liberty, on Liberty Island, New York.  Goodshoot/Jupiterimages Known to the Delaware Indians as Minnissais (Lesser Island) and to early colonists as Great Oyster, the island was renamed for Isaac Bedloe (or Isaack Bedloo), a merchant who bought it in the 1660s. The city of New York acquired the island in 1758, and it was ceded to the state of New York in 1796 and to the federal government in 1800. Fort Wood was built there for the War of 1812, and the statue was erected within the fort in 188586. The statue was declared a national monument in 1924; in 1933 the National Park Service gained jurisdiction over the monument, acquiring the entire island when Fort Wood was decommissioned in 1937. <N> The Benghazi hearings are simply a witch hunt directed at former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and now committee chair Republican Representative Trey Gowdy has shattered the entire premise for them. The South Carolina representative has been chairing the investigative committee and intentionally dragged out his hearings until they bled into this years presidential race. But this time, Gowdy really screwed up. Gowdy finally admitted that his Benghazi committee is fake in an interview with Fox News Bill Hemmer. The committees lead investigative attorney, retired three-star Army Lt. Gen. Dana Chipman, who repeatedly commended the militarys actions on the night of the attacks during closed interviews with Defense Department officials has even quit, saying that nothing more can be done. The committee chair has led the two-year-old investigation, which has been fraught with rudeness and heated arguments among the members. The last time it met publicly was in October 2015, which puts another nail in the charges against Gowdy. The question central to the various Benghazi investigations is whether President Obama or Clinton issued a stand down order. Everything the committee has done was built upon that premise. Republicans have long held that the military had been ordered to stand down rather than respond to calls for help from U.S. people under attack. The panel formed in May 2014, and when it last met, Clinton testified for 11 hours. Democrats blame the Republicans for delaying the panels final report to interfere with Clintons presidential race. Republicans blame President Obama for stalling by withholding documents and interview subjects. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs Stephen C. Hedger wrote a letter to Gowdy on April 28 where he expressed frustration with the panel for its crescendo of expensive, duplicate, and unnecessary requests, and claims based on Facebook or talk radio. General Jerry Boykin had this to say when he was working to form the Benghazi committee in 2013: I know Allen has been very concerned as I have been as to why there was no military response. No ones ever given a satisfactory answer. And as I said to the speaker last night, theres an American value, an American ethos that was violated and it is very important not only to the families but it is very important to every soldier, sailor and Marine or diplomat thats put in harms way in the future. So I think well see some things that will come out today that will begin to whittle away at our big question of why no military response. During Hemmers interview with Gowdy, the chairman of the committee said: Whether or not they could have gotten there in time, they couldnt. I dont think theres any question about that. Wait a minute! That was the entire premise for the Benghazi hearings! That means it didnt matter whether or not Clinton or President Obama ordered the military to stand down. Now, according to Crooks and Liars, Gowdy is trying to repair the huge hole this has torn in his investigation: Why could you not? Why were you not positioned to do it? Nice try, Gowdy, but no cigar. The question now is whether Gowdy will be able to persevere with his committee now that he has destroyed his very reason for its existence. To learn more about what Gowdy is like, check out this video of him complaining about the Obama administration: _LINKS_ Featured Image: Donkey Hotey via Flickr, Creative Commons License. H/T: Crooks And Liars. <N> The House Benghazi committee's Republican chairman is ignoring statements by his own former lawyer indicating that the U.S. military acted properly on the night of the deadly Sept. 11, 2012, attacks in Libya, the panel's Democrats said. Reps. Elijah Cummings and Adam Smith said Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., omitted the lawyer's comments when he fired back at the Defense Department for criticizing the GOP-led investigation into the attacks that killed four Americans. Gowdy's actions, coupled with delays that have pushed the 2-year-old inquiry into the heat of the 2016 presidential race, "have damaged the credibility of the Select Committee beyond repair," Cummings and Smith wrote Sunday in a letter to Gowdy. The Associated Press obtained a copy of the letter. Cummings of Maryland is the senior Democrat on the Benghazi panel; Smith, of Washington state, is the senior Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee. He also serves on the select Benghazi panel. The criticism by the two Democrats is the latest volley in an escalating, election-year fight over the Benghazi panel's actions. The panel, created in May 2014, has not conducted a public hearing since October, when former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton testified. Democrats call the panel a thinly veiled excuse for Republicans to criticize Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination. Republicans say the Obama administration has dragged its feet, failing to produce needed documents or interview subjects, delaying a final report. U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens was among those died during the twin assaults nearly four years ago. Previous investigations blamed management failures at the State Department for a lack of security at the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, an issue that has dogged Clinton and other Obama administration officials. Cummings and Smith cite comments by retired Army Lt. Gen. Dana Chipman, who served as chief counsel for Republicans on the Benghazi panel from August 2014 until last January. Chipman "repeatedly commended the military's actions on the night of the attacks during closed interviews with Defense Department officials," Cummings and Smith wrote. Chipman, a former judge advocate general for the Army, attended a closed-door interview with former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta on Jan. 8. Cummings and Smith quote Chipman as telling Panetta: "I think you ordered exactly the right forces to move out and to head toward a position where they could reinforce what was occurring in Benghazi or Tripoli or elsewhere in the region. And, sir, I don't disagree with the actions you took, the recommendations you made and the decisions you directed." Chipman later told Panetta he was "worried" that U.S. officials were caught by surprise during the Benghazi raids, which occurred on the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. Still, Chipman told Panetta: "Nothing could have affected what occurred in Benghazi," Cummings and Smith wrote. The letter from the Democrats comes after Gowdy sent a letter to Defense Secretary Ash Carter complaining that a top Pentagon official had intentionally mischaracterized the House inquiry. Gowdy said comments by Stephen C. Hedger, assistant secretary of defense for legislative affairs, were "riddled with factual inaccuracies" and did "a disservice to the public" and employees at the Defense Department. Hedger, in an April 28 letter to Gowdy, expressed frustration with the Benghazi panel, citing a "crescendo" of costly, duplicative and unnecessary requests, including a few based on claims made on Facebook or talk radio. <N> Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard  SandersElection Countdown: Senate, House Dems build cash advantage | 2020 Dems slam Trump over Putin presser | Trump has M in war chest | Republican blasts parents for donating to rival | Ocasio-Cortez, Sanders to campaign in Kansas House Dems launching Medicare for All Caucus Let's remove the legal shield from hackers who rob us of our civil rights MORE (I-Vt.) attracted another huge crowd at a rally for his presidential campaign in Los Angeles on Monday night. The Sanders campaign, citing Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena officials, said 27,500 people were inside the venue or in an overflow area outside to hear Sanders speak. Stopped by Bernie Sanders rally tonight in L.A. & Sports Arena is jam packed. He said 27K including overflow. pic.twitter.com/1YGzQXVYw0  Jacob Soboroff (@jacobsoboroff) August 11, 2015 When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish, #BernieSanders says in closing. Standing ovations. pic.twitter.com/FDq5kracoI  Sarah Parvini (@sarahparvini) August 11, 2015 #BernieSanders speaks about an America he believes in and strives for, to a large crowd of diverse supporters. pic.twitter.com/nBix4M9x3x  Marcus Yam (@yamphoto) August 11, 2015 Actor and comedian Sarah Silverman introduced Sanders at the event. I give you, if were all very smart and a little bit lucky, the next president of the United States, she said, according to remarks provided by the campaign. Monday nights event caps a three-day West Coast swing for Sanders that saw him pull record crowds. On Sunday night, 28,000 people attended a Sanders rally in Portland, the largest crowd so far for any political event in the 2016 cycle. On Saturday, an estimated 15,000 people turned out to see Sanders in Seattle. Sanders also landed his first major union endorsement on the trip, with the National Nurses United announcing Monday they would back his Democratic bid for the White House. Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonState Dept: Russias allegations about American citizens absolutely absurd Trump on possible sit-down with Mueller: 'I've always wanted to do an interview' Election Countdown: Senate, House Dems build cash advantage | 2020 Dems slam Trump over Putin presser | Trump has M in war chest | Republican blasts parents for donating to rival | Ocasio-Cortez, Sanders to campaign in Kansas MORE maintains a huge lead over Sanders in national polls and remains the heavy favorite to win the party's nomination. Still, Sanders has energized grassroots liberals and emerged as the biggest threat to Clinton for the Democratic nomination. The crowds hes attracting on the campaign trail are staggering in size for an underdog in an off-year. In addition, Sanders has made gains in the polls in New Hampshire, the first-in-the-nation primary state, where he only trails Clinton by 7 points, according to the RealClearPolitics average of polls. <N> Donald Trump says his comment that the rich will have to pay more taxes was "misrepresented" _LINKS_ _LINKS_  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) May 9, 2016 Donald Trump blamed NBC News for misrepresenting his tax proposal as a plan to raise taxes for the rich, which he said Monday he does not intend to do. Trump laid out a change in his tax proposal Sunday on "Meet the Press," and said he may need to increase taxes for the rich, but not the middle class. But he clarified Monday that he meant he might increase that tax rate he has proposed for the wealthy, not raise the existing tax rate. I said that I may have to increase it on the wealthy, he said, explaining in an interview with CNNs New Day that taxpayers would still pay less than what they do now. <N> Sanders brings his campaign to Northern California SACRAMENTO  Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders told a raucous crowd Monday that Donald Trump will not be elected to lead the country and that despite his unlikely road to the Democratic nomination, he does not plan to back down. An estimated 15,000 people packed a Sacramento stadium to hear the senator from Vermont, whose criticism of fracking and corporate greed drew as many cheers as did his jabs at Democratic front-runner and rival Hillary Clinton. It is a steep hill to climb, I acknowledge that, but we have the possibility of walking into the Democratic convention with a majority of pledge delegates, Sanders said. We are going to fight for every vote until June 14. Sanders said that includes fighting in California  with its prized 475 pledged delegates  ahead of the states June 7 primary election. The event was free to the public, with doors opening four hours before Sanders took the podium just before 9 p.m. Lines to get in Bonney Field wrapped around the stadium, with 1,200 people listening to the rally from outside, according to the stadiums field manager. Stump speech Sanders largely kept to his regular stump speech, calling for raising the minimum wage across the country, saying colleges and universities should be tuition-free and urging leaders to do more to address climate change. I dont have to tell anyone in California what the scientists all over the world are telling us, Sanders said. That is that climate change is real. ... If we are to do what has to be done, we need a tax on carbon. That is my view. That is not the view of Secretary Clinton. Sanders said Congress is responsive to big-money campaign contributors, not the needs of ordinary Americans. He said something must be done to address a system that allows the wealthy and major corporations to buy and sell politicians in secret. This campaign is doing well because we are doing something very unusual in contemporary politics, Sanders said. We are telling the truth. And the truth is that not only do we have a corrupt campaign finance system, the truth is that we have a rigged economy. Sanders is trailing Clinton, who appears poised to be the Democrats nominee. Clinton has 93 percent of the 2,383 delegates needed to win the nomination and has already begun to focus her attention on Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee. Over the weekend, Clinton held a pair of Oakland campaign events, where she largely looked past Sanders and focused her ire on Trump. Sanders said he will continue to campaign, vowing a floor fight at the partys July convention in Philadelphia. He was scheduled to appear in Stockton on Tuesday morning for another rally and then meet with The Chronicles editorial board. I believe in Bernie Sanders, said Jazz Gascon of Sacramento. I believe in what he stands for. Hes the only presidential candidate that has been speaking for us. Student loan debt Gascon said shes up to her neck in student loans and without a degree she cant advance in her state job. She was among the thousands of hands that shot into the air when Sanders asked the crowd who was dealing with student loan debt. Im so excited to be part of history, said Molly Hogan of Sacramento, who attended the rally with her 2-year-old. I brought my daughter so I can tell her she was here. Hogan said she had expected to see a large turnout for the rally. But seeing it is shocking, she said Although Sanders does not typically weigh in on local issues, he will announce Tuesday his support for a California ballot measure that would restrict California health programs from paying more for prescription drugs than whats paid by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Sanders said the initiative addresses a pivotal issue of soaring drug prices. The initiative, the California Drug Price Relief Act, is supported by the AIDS Healthcare Foundation. Americans living with HIV/AIDS and cancer should not live in fear that they will go bankrupt because of the outrageously high cost of their prescription drugs, Sanders said. Melody Gutierrez is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: _EMAIL_ Twitter: @MelodyGutierrez Online extra Watch a live-stream video of Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders interview with The Chronicles editorial board at 2:30 p.m. Tuesday: www. facebook. com/ sanfranciscochronicle <N> (Want to get this briefing by email? Heres the sign-up.) Good morning. Heres what you need to know:  Obama plans historic trip. President Obama will become the first sitting U.S. president to go to Hiroshima, Japan, the White House announced today. The trip to the site where the U.S. used an atomic bomb at the end of World War II carries symbolism for Mr. Obama, who wont revisit the decision to attack that city and Nagasaki.  The quiet campaign trail. The Republicans hold primaries today in Nebraska and West Virginia, and its worth watching to see whether theres any significant protest vote against Donald J. Trump. Bernie Sanders is seen as having the upper hand in West Virginias Democratic contest. <N> At the giant rally in Sacramento on May 9th where I joined 21,000 other people to hear Bernie Sanders speak it was clear that it's his ideas and his willingness to speak truth to power that are driving this movement. The Bernie Sanders phenomenon is not a "cult of personality" where this bespectacled 74-year-old Jewish man from Brooklyn is swaying enormous crowds by dint of his charisma and eloquence. It's what Bernie is saying that cuts to the heart of America's hypocrisies and injustices and his policies to deal with them that are driving the enthusiasm. The Bernie Sanders campaign is the only thing going in 2016 that's giving oxygen to American democracy currently drowning in an ocean of corporate money. The Establishments of both political parties, along with the corporate media, would rather gloss over and obscure just about every single issue that Bernie hammers away at in his stump speech. In 2008, even with all the justifiable excitement that surrounded the candidacy of Barack Obama we were still well aware that Wall Street and big donors were pouring cash into his campaign coffers. Until Bernie Sanders no presidential candidate, especially since the Citizens United ruling opened the floodgates of corporate cash to an already corrupt election system, has anyone attempted to by-pass the millionaire and billionaire donor class and fund a campaign exclusively from small donations. The biggest applause lines at the Sacramento rally came when Bernie denounced the corruption of big money in our politics, promised to overturn Citizens United, and pointed out that his campaign has raised all of its money from over seven million individual donors averaging about $27 a pop. That's new and exciting. This unlikely Senator from Vermont stepped up to take on the corporate oligarchy that has seized the levers of power in America. The rally wasn't just a feel-good shake-your-fist gathering. Bernie volunteers registered thousands of voters, many of them 18-year-old new voters. They also used social media and linked up everybody for future mobilizing via text messaging. A local labor leader and school board member warmed up the rally speaking about the importance of getting out the vote for California's June 7th primary. Even the musicians who performed reminded the crowd that all of the down ballot races and initiatives that supported progressive causes needed their votes too. Danny Glover, who introduced Bernie, also hammered away at the theme of the event: the necessity of voting and staying active. This is a message that the young people who are coming out to support Bernie in astonishing numbers need to hear. Bernie has won the hearts and minds of younger voters who played a pivotal role in electing Obama in 2008 and re-electing him in 2012. He holds sway over a bloc of voters that the Democratic Party will need in November. That alone should give him some real power at the Democratic National Convention this July in Philadelphia. The Sanders campaign has successfully fused the social media and grassroots activism of Occupy Wall Street with the Democratic primary elections. When Bernie promised to break up the too-big-to-fail Wall Street banks and get the money out our politics through public financing he received a massive yelp of approval from the overflow crowd at Bonney Field. Everybody there understood that we've lost our democracy. And Bernie is trying to help us find it again. <N> CLAIM Image shows a massive Bernie Sanders rally in California. See Example( s ) EXAMPLES Collected via e-mail and Facebook, May 2016 RATING ORIGIN In early May 2016, the above-reproduced image began circulating on Facebook, featuring a huge gathering of individuals along with the caption NOTHING TO SEE HERE, JUST A BERNIE RALLY IN CALIFORNIA. Although Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has indeed attracted large crowds to some of his political rallies and was campaigning in California as of this writing (where he drew a crowd estimated at 15,000 to a rally in Sacramento), the image shown here depicted neither a rally for Bernie Sanders nor any type of event held in California. A reverse image search quickly revealed that the original was a photograph of a 2016 May Day march held in Havana, Cuba, and that a sign identifying the correct location was obscured in the version captioned to falsely present it as depicting a Bernie Sanders rally: The original photograph primarily circulated on Twitter, where it was initially correctly identified as a Workers Day event in Havana: Other users shared shots of the same 1 May 2016 Havana gathering taken from different angles: Las avenidas d La Habana repletas como en ninguna parte el #1deMayo. Patria y socialismo, el pueblo cubano vencer! pic.twitter.com/bwgtXBUZl6  Malcolm iXa (@ideiazabaldu) May 1, 2016 The miscaptioned Bernie rally image wasnt the first of its kind: in April 2016, a similar photograph of a demonstration held in Paris a year earlier was circulated with a claim that the image depicted a huge gathering of Sanders supporters in New York. <N> The U.S. Departments of Justice and Education released joint guidance today to help provide educators the information they need to ensure that all students, including transgender students, can attend school in an environment free from discrimination based on sex. Recently, questions have arisen from school districts, colleges and universities, and others about transgender students and how to best ensure these students, and non-transgender students, can all enjoy a safe and discrimination-free environment. Under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, schools receiving federal money may not discriminate based on a students sex, including a students transgender status. The guidance makes clear that both federal agencies treat a students gender identity as the students sex for purposes of enforcing Title IX. There is no room in our schools for discrimination of any kind, including discrimination against transgender students on the basis of their sex, said Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch. This guidance gives administrators, teachers and parents the tools they need to protect transgender students from peer harassment and to identify and address unjust school policies. I look forward to continuing our work with the Department of Education  and with schools across the country  to create classroom environments that are safe, nurturing, and inclusive for all of our young people. No student should ever have to go through the experience of feeling unwelcome at school or on a college campus, said U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. This guidance further clarifies what weve said repeatedly  that gender identity is protected under Title IX. Educators want to do the right thing for students, and many have reached out to us for guidance on how to follow the law. We must ensure that our young people know that whoever they are or wherever they come from, they have the opportunity to get a great education in an environment free from discrimination, harassment and violence. Every child deserves to attend school in a safe, supportive environment that allows them to thrive and grow. And we know that teachers and administrators care deeply about all of their students and want them to succeed in school and life, said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Departments Civil Rights Division. Our guidance sends a clear message to transgender students across the country: here in America, you are safe, you are protected and you belong  just as you are. We look forward to working with school officials to make the promise of equal opportunity a reality for all of our children. Our federal civil rights law guarantees all students, including transgender students, the opportunity to participate equally in school programs and activities without sex discrimination as a core civil right, said Department of Education Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights Catherine E. Lhamon. This guidance answers questions schools have been asking, with a goal to ensure that all students are treated equally consistent with their gender identity. We look forward to continuing to work with schools and school communities to satisfy Congress promise of equality for all. The guidance explains that when students or their parents, as appropriate, notify a school that a student is transgender, the school must treat the student consistent with the students gender identity. A school may not require transgender students to have a medical diagnosis, undergo any medical treatment, or produce a birth certificate or other identification document before treating them consistent with their gender identity. The guidance also explains schools obligations to: Respond promptly and effectively to sex-based harassment of all students, including harassment based on a students actual or perceived gender identity, transgender status or gender transition; Treat students consistent with their gender identity even if their school records or identification documents indicate a different sex; Allow students to participate in sex-segregated activities and access sex-segregated facilities consistent with their gender identity; and Protect students privacy related to their transgender status under Title IX and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. At the same time, the guidance makes clear that schools can provide additional privacy options to any student for any reason. The guidance does not require any student to use shared bathrooms or changing spaces, when, for example, there are other appropriate options available; and schools can also take steps to increase privacy within shared facilities. In addition to the departments joint Title IX guidance, the Department of Educations Office of Elementary and Secondary Education also released Examples of Policies and Emerging Practices for Supporting Transgender Students, a compilation of policies and practices that schools across the country are already using to support transgender students. The document shares some common questions on topics such as school records, privacy and terminology, and then explains how some state and school district policies have answered these questions, which may be useful for other states and school districts that are considering these issues. In this document, the Department of Education does not endorse any particular policy, but offers examples from actual policies to help educators develop policies and practices for their own schools. Many parents, schools and districts have raised questions about this area of civil rights law. Together, these documents will help navigate what may be a new terrain for some. The Department of Justices Civil Rights Division, created in 1957 by the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1957, works to uphold the civil and constitutional rights of all Americans, particularly some of the most vulnerable members of our society. The division enforces federal statutes prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, disability, religion, familial status and national origin. Additional information about the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department is available here. The mission of the Department of Educations Office for Civil Rights (OCR) is to ensure equal access to education and promote educational excellence throughout the nation through the vigorous enforcement of civil rights. OCR is responsible for enforcing federal civil rights laws that prohibit discrimination by educational institutions on the basis of race, color, national origin, disability, sex and age, as well as the Boy Scouts of America Equal Access Act of 2001. Additional information about OCR is available here. The mission of the Department of Educations Office of Elementary and Secondary Education (OESE) is to promote academic excellence, enhance educational opportunities and equity for all of America's children and families and to improve the quality of teaching and learning by providing leadership, technical assistance and financial support. Additional information about OESE is available here. Dear Colleague Letter on Transgender Students Examples of Policies and Emerging Practices for Supporting Transgender Students <N> If you need to apply for a passport for the first time or renew an existing one, here's everything you need to know: How do I renew my passport? Passport application forms can be found online or picked up in a post office. Along with the completed application form, you will need to submit two identical photos that meet the requirements outlined here and your old passport. It will be cancelled and returned to you so that you can continue to use any unexpired visas alongside your new passport. Guidance about how to fill in the form can be found on the Passport Office website. How do I apply for my first passport? The process is similar to the renewal procedure outlined above, but you will need to have your photograph and application form countersigned by a professional person such as a teacher, police officer or solicitor in order to confirm your identity. You will also need to send in your birth certificate and, if you were born on or after 1 January 1983, your mother's birth certificate or passport number, or your father's birth certificate or passport number and your parents' marriage certificate. How much does a UK passport cost? As of March 2018, the cost of getting a new passport or renewing your old one for both children and adults has increased. For the first time, the Home Office has made it more expensive to apply by post than online. A standard UK adult passport now costs 75.50 for online applications and 85 for postal applications. The cost of a childs passport has also risen to 49 online and 58.50 in the post. The Sun says the changes are underpinned by new fee-setting powers given to HM Passport Office under the Immigration Act 2016 to give it the resources it needs to process six million applications a year. Fast-tracking your application or using the Post Office's Check & Send service (see below) will add to the cost. How long does it take to get a passport? It should usually take three weeks to renew a standard adult or child passport. If you need a new passport more urgently, you can pay extra to book an appointment at a Passport Customer Service Centre and get your passport on the same day for 177 or within a week for 142. However, ordering an adult passport for someone who has not had one before can take six weeks, and the fast-track service is unavailable. During busy times, including the run-up to Christmas and school holidays, waiting times can be longer. The Passport Office advises people to allow "plenty of time" to apply and not to book travel until the passport has been received. Watch out for scam websites Those applying for new passports have been warned that some websites that look like they are part of an official government site are used to overcharge or steal your money. These scam websites can charge huge fees for services official government sites offer for free and can often pay to be at the top of internet search engines such as Google to look legitimate, says The Sun. When renewing a passport be sure to use an official government website with a gov.uk address. How can I make sure my application isn't rejected? Incorrectly filled in forms and photographs that do not meet the Passport Office's exacting standards are two common causes of rejection, which will extend your wait for a new passport. "The guidelines of passport photos are so strict that the smallest of errors can lead to delays," the Passport Office warns. "No smiling, silly faces or poses." The photo must be framed correctly and be in proportion. For a full list of guidelines, refer to their website. The Post Office offers a Check and Send service to ensure applicants don't fall foul of these problems. For a 9.75 fee, a member of staff will look through your application and photographs to make sure they comply with the rules. For more information, or to talk with a member of the Passport Office team, call 0300 222 000. What about Brexit? Following Britains vote to leave the EU, the government announced that the current burgundy passports which bear the words European Union will be replaced with dark blue passports - which were first introduced in 1920 and continued until 1981 - eight years after the UK joined the EU. Britain is set to formally leave the EU in March 2019, with new blue passports expected to be phased in gradually over time. The government has assured Britons that passports will only have to be renewed once they reach their current expiry date, to avoid a mad rush that could overwhelm the passport office. Yet the re-introduction of blue passports has proved hugely divisive, especially after it was revealed that the new versions would be produced by a Franco-Dutch company, causing consternation among many Brexiteers who had touted the move as a symbolic victory for British national sovereignty. Will Brexit ruin my pet's holiday? EU negotiator Michel Barnier has warned that if the UK leaves the EU without a deal in 2019, the ability of dogs and cats to cross the Channel will likely be hampered. Pet passports are issued by EU countries and other EFTA members, but if the UK leaves the EU, it will not automatically be given the authority to issue pet passports, and would require a deal. Changing name due to marriage People may not realise that passports with the holder's maiden name on them are still eligible for travel, writes the Daily Express, but this can cause problems if a traveller's details don't match when it comes to booking flights. If using the new name for flights whilst the old one is on the passport, this will prohibit travel so they must both match. Instead, a new passport can be applied for in the new name up to three months before marriage, which must be signed by the registrar or minister. This can be done online or by getting a form from the local post office. What to do if my passport is lost or stolen? Stolen passport crime is on the rise this summer with a Daily Mail investigation recently revealing that criminal gangs in Western Europe were selling them on for as much as 2,500 to people traffickers. Security experts told the paper owning a genuine British passport was like winning the lottery for jihadis and criminals - allowing them to slip across borders undetected. So what should you do if you suspect your passport has been stolen? First, report it to the local police and ask for a written report as the government may need to see this information when applying for a new passport. Travel insurers may also ask for a police report should you lose your passport abroad and need to claim expenses for changing your travel plans. You must cancel a lost or stolen passport as soon as possible, says the Gov.uk website. This will greatly reduce the risk of anyone else using your passport or your identity. The government website has a form you can fill in online - and someone else can report a lost or stolen passport on your behalf if you cant do it yourself. For lost documents, as soon as you have reported your lost passport online you can apply for a replacement. If you dont plan to travel for at least four weeks, the best option is to pick up an application form from your local Post Office. If you lose your passport abroad, youll need to fill in the online form LS01, putting in as much detail as possible, then send or take the completed form to the nearest British Embassy, High Commission or Consulate. What about renouncing British citizenship? While the cost of renewing your passport has gone up dramatically in the past year, so too have the fees associated with renouncing your British nationality. In April, the Home Office quietly raised the renunciation fee per person by more than 50 from 321 to 372, meaning a typical family could end up paying over 1,000. It follows a surge of Brits living in Europe seeking foreign citizenship amid continued fallout and uncertainty from the Brexit vote, reports The Independent. EU statistics agency Eurostat found that the number of British people seeking the citizenship of other countries increased by 165% in the year after the referendum compared with the previous year. However, many EU countries, including the Netherlands and Austria, prohibit dual citizenship, meaning Britons are forced to pay twice to renounce their citizenship and apply for a new one. The Home Office says the sharp increase reflects the increased cost of handling applications, but ministers have been accused of cashing in on Brexit. Liberal Democrat MEP Catherine Bearder said: This is the Conservative Brexit government and the Home Office giving Brits in the EU the last kick out the door. <N> Details are emerging about the husband and wife who committed mass murder in San Bernardino, California, on Wednesday. Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and Tashfeen Malik, 27, stormed a Christmas lunch at a social services centre with semi-automatic weapons and were later killed in a gunfight with police. The couple killed 14 people and injured 21 others on Wednesday in the worst mass shooting in the US for years. Farook was born in the US and had worked as an environmental health specialist for San Bernardino County for five years, according to USA Today. His colleagues were among those killed. In an online dating profile, Farook described himself as "religious but modern" and said he liked vintage cars, reading and doing target practice with his younger sister and friends. The pair met online and Malik, who was born in Pakistan but was living in Saudi Arabia, entered the country last year on a fiance visa, according to the FBI. Police discovered bomb making equipment, a large arsenal of weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition in their apartment in San Bernardino. The couple had a six month-old daughter and had dropped her off with one of their mothers, claiming that they were going to a doctor's appointment, NBC News reports. Farook had been at the Christmas lunch, but reportedly left in a rage. A dispute at the party may have sparked the shooting, according to the Los Angeles Times. However, police Chief Jarrod Burguan said "there had to be some degree of planning that went into this". A motive for the killings has not yet been established. Farhan Khan, Farook's brother-in-law, said he had "no idea" why the pair would do this. He added: "I cannot express how sad I am for what happened." Salihin Kondoker, whose wife was shot during the rampage and is recovering in hospital said the assault should be categorised as terrorism. "No matter what, any killing of any human being is an act of terrorism," he said. "We need to control our gun laws in this country." <N> Tens of thousands of British travellers face being turned away from holiday and business flights to the US this summer, due to a little-publicised new rule introduced last month. Anyone without a biometric passport is now ineligible to travel to America without a visa - even if they have been granted an Esta, online permission to visit the US. Vic Ryan from Lincoln was due to fly to to Florida on 1 May, along with his wife and his daughter and her boyfriend. He had applied in good time for an Esta, which was granted. But when he arrived at check-in he was told that as his passport was non-biometric, he would not be allowed to travel. We had no notification of this change which apparently came into force on 1 April, he told The Independent. We made the decision for the rest of my party to go without me and I would come home. Mr Ryan was told to get a new passport, which he could not do until Tuesday because of the bank holiday. There were a number of people at East Midlands Airport in the same situation as me but help was virtually non-existent, he said. The top 10 most powerful passports 10 show all The top 10 most powerful passports 1/10 10. Hungary, Czech Republic, Iceland (Visa-free access to 167 countries) Henley & Partners' Visa Restrictions Index, released on 24 February 2016, ranked 199 countries according to the travel freedom each offers its citizens out of a possible 218 countries, using data from the International Air Transport Association (IATA). According to the index, the IATA holds the largest database of travel information. Nationalities were awarded points based on the number of other countries their citizens could travel to without a visa, as of 1st of January 2/10 9. Malta Visa-free access to 168 countries 3/10 8. Australia Visa-free access to 169 countries 4/10 7. Greece, New Zealand Visa-free access to 171 countries 5/10 6. Canada, Ireland (Republic of), Korea (Republic of, South), Luxembourg, Norway, Portugal, Switzerland Visa-free access to 172 countries 6/10 5. Austria, Japan, Singapore Visa-free access to 173 countries 7/10 4.Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, United States Visa-free access to 174 countries 8/10 3. Finland, France, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom Visa-free access to 175 countries 9/10 2. Sweden Visa-free access to 176 countries 10/10 1. Germany Visa-free access to 177 countries 1/10 10. Hungary, Czech Republic, Iceland (Visa-free access to 167 countries) Henley & Partners' Visa Restrictions Index, released on 24 February 2016, ranked 199 countries according to the travel freedom each offers its citizens out of a possible 218 countries, using data from the International Air Transport Association (IATA). According to the index, the IATA holds the largest database of travel information. Nationalities were awarded points based on the number of other countries their citizens could travel to without a visa, as of 1st of January 2/10 9. Malta Visa-free access to 168 countries 3/10 8. Australia Visa-free access to 169 countries 4/10 7. Greece, New Zealand Visa-free access to 171 countries 5/10 6. Canada, Ireland (Republic of), Korea (Republic of, South), Luxembourg, Norway, Portugal, Switzerland Visa-free access to 172 countries 6/10 5. Austria, Japan, Singapore Visa-free access to 173 countries 7/10 4.Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, United States Visa-free access to 174 countries 8/10 3. Finland, France, Italy, Spain, United Kingdom Visa-free access to 175 countries 9/10 2. Sweden Visa-free access to 176 countries 10/10 1. Germany Visa-free access to 177 countries The Independent has calculated that as many as 80,000 people planning to fly to the US this summer could have non-biometric passports. The new ePassport, containing an electronic chip with personal data, was introduced in the spring of 2007. They are readily identifiable from the front cover - if it features a rectangle bisected by a horizontal line, with a circle in the middle, then it is biometric. The last old-style passports were issued in autumn 2007. Using figures from the Passport Office, the Office of National Statistics and the Foreign Office, The Independent has calculated that 1.3m are still in use. As just over 6 per cent of all the overseas trips by British citizens are to the US, 80,000 people are at risk of being denied boarding. Mr Ryan has now joined his family in Florida. He said: This has so far cost me over 500 extra." Airlines and tour operators make it clear that passengers are responsible for complying with passport and visa rules. The change was quietly introduced in the Terrorist Travel Prevention Act 2015. Disappointed passengers are angry that the US authorities and the travel industry have not done more to alert travellers to the new rule. All it needed was for Thomson to run a report from their database for people travelling to the US from 1 April, said Mr Ryan. That would enable them to send a courtesy email to notify people who had already booked - possibly like us, a year in advance. Thomson told The Independent: Given this is a recent change and to help customers, we will review if we can highlight the requirement of an electronic passport on relevant customer communications. British Airways said: The week before our customers travel to the US, we also send a reminder email recommending they check they have the right documentation, with links to detailed information on the changes on the Department for Homeland Security website. Click here to view the latest travel offers, with Independent Holidays. <N> Passport FAQs What is a passport? A passport is a travel document that serves as the ultimate form of proof for your citizenship. Every country issues passports to citizens of that country. British Citizen passports are issued by the United Kingdom Identity & Passport Service (IPS). UK passports come in two sizes to accommodate frequent travellers, jumbo and regular. Jumbo passports contain 48 pages while regular passports contain 32 pages. Do I need a passport? British citizens require passports to exit and enter the UK and all other countries in the world. It is your responsibility to carry the correct identification while travelling abroad. Do British Subjects have the same rights of entry to other countries as a British Citizen passport? No. British Subject passport holders have different entry requirements than British Citizen passport holders. If you hold one of these passports and require information on passports and visas, email _EMAIL_ further information. How does VisaCentral obtain a passport for me? VisaCentral provides passport services for UK citizens by submitting proper documentation on your behalf to the UK Identity & Passport Service (IPS). This eliminates the need for you to visit, communicate, and correspond directly with the IPS. Please go to Passports to see the full range of passport services VisaCentral provides. For citizens of any other country residing in the UK, please consult your home country's local consular office for passport details. How long is my passport valid? If your passport was issued when you were 16 years of age or older, your passport is valid for 10 years. If your passport was issued when you were 15 years of age or younger, your passport is valid for 5 years. When applying for a passport renewal, will my old passport be returned to me? Yes, your old passport will be returned unless it is deemed to be damaged by the UK Identity & Passport Service (IPS). The passport will clearly indicate that it is invalid and it is important that you advise whether any valid visas remain in the passport before applying for it to be renewed. How long must my passport be valid for international travel? Most countries require that a passport be valid for at least six months beyond the completion of a trip. If your passport expires sooner than that, you must apply to renew your passport. Go to Visas to determine how long a passport must be valid for each specific country of travel. In the event that your passport is set to expire go to Renew Passport and get started. Can VisaCentral obtain additional passport pages for my passport? No. You must apply for another passport. Go to Renew Passport for details. How many blank passport pages do I need to meet entrance requirements and what is considered a 'blank' passport page? Passports must have enough blank pages to accommodate entry and exit immigration stamps for each country of travel. At least one visa page in your passport is required for each visa. Most travel visas that are stamped into your passport require an entire blank visa page. A 'blank' visa page must be clean, clear, and not show ink or stains from any other pages in the passport. I am recently married or divorced and have changed my name. Can VisaCentral help me change my name on my passport? With proper documentation, you are able to change the name listed in your passport. VisaCentral can assist you in this process by submitting the necessary documents on your behalf. Visit Passport Name Change for details. Can VisaCentral replace my lost or stolen passport? With correct documentation, VisaCentral can replace your lost or stolen passport in as little as a day. Visit Lost or Stolen Passports for details. Do my children require passports? Yes. Each individual citizen, including infants, must possess his or her own passport. You are not allowed to represent other members of the family inside your passport. VisaCentral can assist you if you need to get a new child passport or if you need to renew a childs passport. Visit Child Passport to learn about passport requirements for children. How old must my children be to apply for a Child Passport? Your children must be 15 years old or younger to apply for a Child Passport. Visit Child Passport to learn about passport requirements for children under the age of 15. How long will it take VisaCentral to process my passport? For most passport services VisaCentral has two processing times: Same Day - 1 day and Fast Track - 6 working days. Visit Passports to determine the passport processing time for the type of passport you are looking for. What mailing method does VisaCentral recommend for submitting my completed VisaCentral Application Pack? VisaCentral recommends using Royal Mail Special Delivery or other traceable methods of delivery when submitting your completed VisaCentral Application Pack. <N> All told, the U.S. and the U.K. have a relatively amiable relationship: Despite jokes about accents and what, exactly, a chip is, London remains a popular destination for American travelers, and the Royal Family holds a special sort of allure for those of us without a monarchy . Recent policy changes, however, may have put a strain on this relationship: new immigration rules from the U.S. mean that some British citizens may not be allowed entry into the countryyes, even if they have a valid passport . The rule is not meant to be discriminatory against our English-speaking neighbors; rather, it's part of a wider U.S. rule pertaining to those visiting the country under the Visa Waiver Program (VWP), which allows citizens of 38 participating countries to travel to the U.S. for business or tourism for up to 90 days without a visa. A policy tweak, put into effect by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security on April 1, refuses to allow travelers into the country via the VWP unless they have e-passports, which have a digital chip containing biometric information about the passport owner and enhanced security features . Biometric passports began being issued in October 2006 in Britain, which means that given a passport's ten-year shelf life , this change primarily affects a smaller number of a greater whole. Still, The Independent calculated that as many as 80,000 British travelers are at risk of being denied boarding, and The Telegraph put that number higherin the millions . Thus far, many travelers unaware of the new rule have arrived at the airport, only to be turned away and have their trips ruined . Plus: Vote for your favorite hotels, cities, airlines, and more in the 2016 Readers Choice Awards survey . <N> J. Dennis Hastert, the disgraced former House speaker and law lobbyist who was accused of molesting at least four boys, has been sentenced to 15 months in prison. Hastert, who for a time was one of the most powerful men in American politics, apologized to the victims in court before his sentencing. One of his victims broke a lifetime of silence in order to testify against him at the hearing: Nothing is worse than using serial child molester and speaker of the House in the same sentence, said the judge, who used his discretion to go well beyond the six-month prison term prosecutors had recommended. I hope I never see a case like this again. Before he learned his fate, Hastert apologized to the boys I mistreated when I was their coach but pointedly did not use word abuse. What I did was wrong and I regret it, he testified. They looked up to me and I took advantage of them. One of the ex-students, Scott Cross, took the stand and told the court that when he was a senior in high school in 1979, Hastert pulled off his shorts and sexually fondled him during a massage after a workout. As a 17-year-old boy I was devastated. I tried to figure out why Coach Hastert had singled me out. I felt terribly alone, Cross, who is called Individual D in court papers, testified. Today I understand I did nothing to bring this on, but at age 17, I could not understand what happened or why. Scott Cross, or Individual D, is the brother of Hasterts political ally Tom Cross, the former, long-term Illinois House GOP leader. Hastert was sentenced for illegally structuring bank transactions in order to send hush money to his accusers. He was not convicted of any crimes of sexual abuse, because the statute of limitations on those crimes had already expired. However, he is required to comply with a sex offender treatment program upon his release. <N> CLOSE The former speaker of the House was sentenced to 15 months in prison Wednesday. Video provided by Newsy Newslook Dennis Hastert arrives at the Dirksen Federal Court House in Chicago for sentencing on April 27, 2016. (Photo: Joshua Lott, Getty Images) CHICAGO  Former House speaker Dennis Hastert, who less than a decade ago stood second in line to the presidency, was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison Wednesday for a bank fraud case linked to allegations he sexually abused teen boys more than 30 years ago. Federal Judge Thomas Durkin called Hastert, 74, a "serial child molester" and rejected a prosecutor's recommendation of six months in prison on a banking charge that carries a maximum five-year sentence. The court also fined Hastert $250,000 and sentenced him to two years of supervised release after leaving prison. Hastert must register as a sex offender. "Nothing is more disturbing than having 'serial child molester' and 'Speaker of the House' in the same sentence," Durkin said. Hastert, who entered court in a wheelchair and needed help standing to address the judge, admitted for the first time mistreating some athletes when he was a high school wrestling coach in Illinois before he began a political career that saw him become the top Republican in Congress. I want to apologize to the boys I mistreated, Hastert said. They looked (up) at me and I took advantage of them. Zachary Fardon, the U.S. Attorney for Northern Illinois, said federal guidelines for the charge of illegal structuring of bank withdrawals dictated his office's recommendation for up to a six-month prison term. Hastert pleaded guilty to the charge in October. Fardon noted that Hastert would have faced more serious charges for sex abuse had the statutes of limitation for the criminal sexual misconduct not expired years ago. The federal guidelines set a maximum sentence for illegal structuring at five years in prison. Prosecutors say Hastert knowingly tried to evade triggering a rule that requires banks to report withdrawals over $10,000 to the IRS, but the money was legally obtained and he paid all appropriate taxes on the funds. Those details direct prosecutors to seek a relatively short sentence under the guidelines. "We followed the case where it led, we brought the charges we could bring, and through that Mr. Hastert's legacy and legend are gone," Fardon said. "In its place are a broken, humiliated man." Durkin acknowledged he could not sentence Hastert "for being a child molester" and that his sentence would "pale in comparison" to what the former lawmaker would have faced had he been convicted of state charges for sexual abuse of a child. Under current Illinois law, Hastert would have faced between three and seven years in state prison if convicted of a single count of sexual misconduct with a minor. The judge said that the prison term was not intended to be a "death sentence," but made clear that Hastert's age and shaky health should not prevent him from doing time. More than 4,600 inmates federally incarcerated are above the age of 70, roughly the same age that Hastert began making the illegally structured withdrawals to cover up his past wrongdoing, the judge said. Durkin has yet to set a surrender date for when Hastert has to report to prison. Hastert's lawyer have said that he suffered a small stroke shortly after he pleaded guilty in October, and that he was also hospitalized for a blood infection. The sentencing completes the spectacular fall of a former small-town high school coach who rose to lead Congress. Hastert was a legendary wrestling coach and social studies teacher at Yorkville for 16 years before launching a political career in the early 1980s that culminated with him being elected as U.S. House speaker. One former athlete, now 53, testified that he was abused by Hastert, describing a locker room molestation when he was 17 years old. "Judge, I wanted you to know the pain and suffering he caused me then, and the pain and suffering he causes me today," said Scott Cross, the brother of prominent Illinois politician Tom Cross. USA TODAY normally does not name victims of abuse, but Cross revealed his name in open court. Defense attorney Thomas Green confirmed that Hastert asked his legal team to reach out to Tom Cross to write a letter on Hastert's behalf. Lawyers for Hastert have said in court papers that Hastert did not recall the incident with Scott Cross. Jolene Burdge, sister of former wrestling manager Steve Reinboldt, told the judge that Hastert abused her now-deceased brother throughout his years at Yorkville High School. "Dont be a coward, Mr. Hastert. Tell the truth," she said. "What you did was not misconduct, it was sexual abuse of a minor." Three other men have come forward and told prosecutors they were also victims of sexual misconduct by Hastert during their time the team. Hastert acknowledged on Wednesday, for the first time, that he had abused boys under his charge as wrestling coach, but he briefly vacillated when he was asked specifically about his interactions with Reinboldt. "That was a different situation," said Hastert, before clarifying that he did indeed abuse Reinboldt. Hastert in October acknowledged the transactions were made as part an effort to pay off a man, known in court documents as "Individual A," for past transgressions. Individual A, who did not testify Wednesday, told prosecutors that Hastert molested him at a motel as Hastert and a group of boys made their home from an out-of-town wrestling camp. The man told prosecutors he was 14 at the time of the incident. Hastert, who served 20 years in the U.S. House, eight of them as its highest ranking member, before retiring in 2007, left the Chicago courthouse without talking to reporters. Green issued a statement saying that his client "accepts the sentence imposed by the court" and "deeply apologizes to all those affected by his actions." Authorities began investigating Hastert for unusual bank withdrawals after the IRS and FBI became suspicious of some large financial transactions. From 2010 to 2014, Hastert withdrew a total of approximately $1.7 million in cash from multiple bank accounts and gave it to Individual A. The payments were part of what authorities later learned was an off-the-books agreement Hastert made with the man to make amends for the decades-old sexual misconduct. Officials at Hasterts bank in Yorkville initially became suspicious of Hastert after conducting a routine audit in April 2012 in which they found he had made seven withdrawals of $50,000. Bank officials said they asked Hastert why he was making such large withdrawals; banks are required to file currency transaction reports for any withdrawal above $10,000. Hastert told the bank officials that he was withdrawing the cash for investments and to buy stocks. He also told bank officials he wanted to keep his cash deposits under Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. Around July 2012, Hastert started structuring his cash withdrawals in increments of less than $10,000 to try to avoid triggering the bank filing requirement. He made $952,000 in withdrawals in mostly $9,000 increments withdrawn on 106 separate occasions, according to prosecutors. Bank officials suspicions were again raised and they informed Hastert in February 2013 that they intended to close his account because of the suspicious activity. Hastert, however, closed his account before the bank acted. Meanwhile, the FBI and IRS began looking at suspicious activity by Hastert at a Yorkville bank as well as two other banks where he made large withdrawals. The former speaker was working at the time as a high-profile lobbyist for the Washington firm Dickstein Shapiro. The amount of cash and Hasterts background led the federal authorities to further probe whether Hastert was either a perpetrator or victim of some sort of criminal activity, prosecutors said. When agents initially interviewed Hastert in December 2014, he told them that he was keeping the cash he had been withdrawing in a safe place. An attorney representing Hastert later told authorities that the former speaker was the victim of an extortion plot by Individual A. Hastert agreed to allow federal authorities to record conversations he was having with Individual A, so they could try to prove the extortion charge. But it quickly became clear that Hastert had willingly entered an agreement with the former student to pay for his silence. In their recordings, Individual A even reminded Hastert that he wanted to get lawyers or confidantes of Hastert involved, so they could ensure their agreement was legal, according to court filings. "You tried to set him up," an agitated Durkin told Hastert. "You tried to frame him." Individual A received just less than half of the $3.5 million agreement, according to prosecutors. Last week, he filed a $1.8 million suit against Hastert in Kendall County, Ill., charging that Hastert was in breach of contract for failing to fulfill their oral agreement. Individual A says the abuse occurred in a motel room on the way home from a trip to wrestling camp, according to prosecutors. Between 10 and 14 boys were on the trip. Hastert, the only adult on trip, shared a room with the 14-year-old while the other boys stayed in a different room. Individual A said Hastert touched him inappropriately after suggesting he would massage a groin injury the boy complained about earlier. Before Wednesdays sentencing, Hasterts legal team said that the ex-lawmaker was sorry for his transgressions, but did not address the allegations against him. In fact, his attorneys raised questions in court filings about whether the incident with Individual A amounted to sexual abuse. While in Congress, Hastert championed strengthening laws to enforce stricter punishment for repeat child predators. Later during his time in Congress, he also faced criticism for failing to aggressively investigate allegations that Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., had written sexually explicit messages to a teenager who was a House page. Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad Bacon reported from McLean, Va. CLOSE Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert is stepping before a judge to learn his punishment in a hush-money case centered on sex-abuse allegations. (April 27) AP Read or Share this story: _LINKS_ <N> He was the longest-serving Republican House speaker in U.S. history, and proud of how far he'd come from his days as a small-town high school teacher and wrestling coach. "Coach," in fact, was a nickname that stuck. So news Thursday that Dennis Hastert faces a federal indictment was a shock to many. As House speaker from 1999 to 2007, the husky, gray-thatched Illinoisan was just two heartbeats away from the presidency. At 73, he has been in recent years working mostly behind the scenes as a Washington power broker. Now, he stands accused of agreeing to pay $3.5 million in apparent hush money to a longtime acquaintance for unspecified "misconduct" years earlier. His withdrawals from banks caught the attention of authorities, and Hastert then lied to the FBI when asked about what he was doing with the money, according to the indictment. On Thursday, one former aide was practically speechless when asked about the indictment. He said he had last seen his old boss a year ago, and at that time he seemed "like the old Denny, but happier, not being in politics anymore." Hastert represented Illinois in the Congress for nearly 21 years before stepping down in November 2007. His climb to the top was improbable. It was a sex scandal that made him House speaker. He was dubbed the "Accidental Speaker," plucked from a junior position in the GOP leadership in December 1998 during the chaotic moments after newly nominated Republican Speaker Bob Livingston of Louisiana disclosed an extramarital affair and turned down the post. Hastert's pragmatism with colleagues won him the post. As speaker, he dealt with the passage of President George W. Bush's tax cuts and the expansion of Medicare to include prescription drugs. In the aftermath of the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks, during 90 days of almost nonstop work, he oversaw efforts to get money to New York and negotiate the Patriot Act. After Democrats assumed the majority in the 2006 midterm elections, the Republican from Plano lost the trappings of the speaker's post, a grandiose office, plane service to and from Washington and a security detail. But Hastert told the Tribune that returning to the life of a simple congressman was personally rewarding as he renewed friendships with other rank-and-file members in a way that hadn't been possible when he was speaker and lawmakers were looking to him for favors. "When you are speaker, you're almost a prisoner in that office," Hastert said. "You really didn't go out of your office because they had 26 people asking you for something without an appointment, just trying to grab you. You were vulnerable (to a request) every time you walked out." Hastert was born in Aurora on Jan. 2, 1942. He earned a bachelor's degree from Wheaton College in 1964 and a master's degree from Northern Illinois University in 1967. He served in the Illinois State Legislature from 1980 to 1986 before winning a congressional seat in 1986. At the height of his power in 2004 he put out a memoir, "Speaker: Lessons from 40 Years in Coaching and Politics." Six months after Hastert left Congress, a Washington-based law and lobbying firm, Dickstein Shapiro, announced he was joining its team as a senior adviser, though he had to wait to become a lobbyist because of a federally mandated cooling-off period. Hastert's foreign clients included the government of Luxembourg, where his ancestors lived, and the Republic of Turkey, according to public records. Wheaton College established the J. Dennis Hastert Center for Economics, Government and Public Policy after he left Congress. He hit the lecture circuit, asking $25,000 for a speech. His speaker's bureau noted he "requires first-class airfare, hotel, car service and expenses for two." He enjoyed other perks too. Former speakers are given taxpayer-funded offices after they leave the Congress for up to five years, with a sizable budget to wind down their congressional business. Hastert kept an office in far west suburban Yorkville for the full five years, spending nearly $1.9 million before it closed late in 2012. A Tribune investigation that year found Hastert conducted private business ventures from that space, which ran afoul of the rules. The office, near the Kendall County Courthouse, contained framed photos of Hastert and then-President George W. Bush, autographed speaker's gavels and other memorabilia. A bust of Abraham Lincoln was in Hastert's personal quarters, plus a Bible. A Tribune review in 2012 found Hastert's three government pensions  from teaching, the state legislature and the Congress  totaled about $106,000 a year. On Thursday, there were signs that Hastert's world has been turned upside down. A spokesman for the CME Group confirmed that Hastert had resigned from the board of directors of the Chicago-based futures market operator. Hastert also resigned his position as co-leader of Dickstein Shapiro's Public Policy and Political Law practice, a spokesman for the lobbying firm confirmed late Thursday. It also emerged that the Illinois House put on hold a proposal to spend $500,000 to put a statue in the state Capitol honoring Hastert. He declined the offer about a month ago, a spokesman for House Speaker Michael Madigan said. _EMAIL_ <N> The margin was enough to forestall charges that the President's fate might have been different if the vote had been delayed to the 106th Congress, which will have five more Democrats. A second article of impeachment, charging Mr. Clinton with obstruction of justice, passed on a narrower vote of 221 to 212. It accused him of inducing others to lie in order to conceal his affair with Ms. Lewinsky. This time 12 Republicans voted no, while 5 Democrats voted yes. ''The President of the United States has committed a serious transgression,'' said Representative Dick Armey of Texas, the House majority leader. ''Among other things, he took an oath to God to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, and then he failed to do so, not once, but several times.'' To ignore this, he said, is to ''undermine the rule of law.'' [Excerpts from the debate, pages 35-36.] Two more charges against Mr. Clinton were defeated. An article accusing the President of perjury in the Paula Jones sexual harassment lawsuit was rejected, 229 to 205, with 28 Republicans breaking ranks. And the House overwhelmingly rejected, 285 to 148, an accusation of abuse of power stemming from Mr. Clinton's legalistic answers to 81 questions put to him by the House Judiciary Committee. Eighty-one Republicans defected from their party. Only one Democrat deserted his. The Senate would conduct only the second impeachment trial of a President in the 209-year history of the Republic. Mr. Clinton will be the only elected President put on trial. Andrew Johnson, impeached and acquitted by one vote in 1868, had been elected Vice President and succeeded to the White House on Abraham Lincoln's assassination in 1865. Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi, the majority leader, announced just after the House vote that senators ''will be prepared to fulfill their Constitutional obligations.'' Advertisement Continue reading the main story Mr. Lott said, ''There are steps that precede the beginning of an impeachment trial. Once the Senate is organized as an impeachment proceeding, there will be pleadings and motions that come before the taking of evidence. That makes it difficult to determine at this time when an actual trial will begin.'' The House acted on a crisp pre-Christmas Saturday when American politics seemed to be descending into the very cannibalism that Speaker Newt Gingrich had warned of when he was toppled a month ago. Hours before Mr. Clinton was impeached for his efforts to cover up his affair with Ms. Lewinsky, Mr. Livingston, who had been chosen to succeed Mr. Gingrich, shocked the House by announcing he would leave Congress because of revelations of his own adulterous affairs. Still, it was Mr. Livingston today who called for Mr. Clinton's resignation from the House floor. Charging that Mr. Clinton had undermined the rule of law and damaged the nation, Mr. Livingston said, ''I say that you have the power to terminate that damage and heal the wounds that you have created. You, sir, may resign your post.'' As some Democrats shouted back, ''You resign,'' the Louisiana Republican said, ''I was prepared to lead our narrow majority as Speaker and I believe I had it in me to do a fine job. But I cannot do that job or be the kind of leader that I would like to be under current circumstances. So I must set the example that I hope President Clinton will follow.'' With a sex scandal now consuming one of their own, the House's impeachment debate turned more than ever into a discourse on sin and morality in politics. Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, the House majority whip, who had helped make Mr. Livingston the Speaker-designate and has been one of the fiercest critics of Mr. Clinton, choked back tears as he praised Mr. Livingston. He said his friend ''understood what this debate was all about.'' ''It was about honor and decency and integrity and the truth,'' Mr. DeLay said, his voice breaking, ''everything that we honor in this country. It was also a debate about relativism versus absolute truth.'' He charged that the President's Democratic defenders would lower the standards of society. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Equally passionate, Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri, the House minority leader, said that men were imperfect, and he asked Mr. Livingston not to resign, for a moment drawing a bipartisan standing ovation. ''Our founding fathers created a system of government of men, not of angels,'' Mr. Gephardt said, his face reddening with emotion as he spoke. ''No one standing in this House today can pass a puritanical test of purity that some are demanding that our elected leaders take. If we demand that mere mortals live up to this standard, we will see our seats of government lay empty and we will see the best, most able people unfairly cast out of public service.'' Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. When he finished he walked slowly up the Democratic side of the aisle, Democrats applauding him and hugging him as he moved along. The Republicans remained fixed in their seats. Today's votes were the penultimate step in the most serious conflict between Congress and a President since Richard M. Nixon resigned in the face of impeachment and certain conviction on Aug. 9, 1974. But while that case spun out from a 1972 break-in at Democratic headquarters in the Watergate complex, this began with a murky land deal in Arkansas in 1978. Through the efforts of Kenneth W. Starr, the independent counsel, under the law enacted in the wake of Watergate, the investigation spread to examine Mr. Clinton's affair with an intern. Mr. Clinton, in a finger-wagging performance last January at the White House, told the nation he did not have sexual relations with ''that woman,'' Ms. Lewinsky. He denied sexual relations with her in a deposition in the sexual harassement case brought against him by Paula Corbin Jones. Only in August, after it became known that Ms. Lewinsky had preserved a blue dress that provided evidence of their affair, did Mr. Clinton tell the nation and a grand jury that he had had an ''inappropriate relationship'' with her. Republicans today took great pains to distinguish Mr. Clinton's case from Mr. Livingston's revelations that ''on occasion I strayed from my marriage.'' Representative Henry J. Hyde, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, who himself saw a past affair come to light as he presided over the House's nine-week impeachment inquiry, said: ''Infidelity, adultery is not a public act, it's a private act, and the Government, the Congress, has no business intruding into private acts.'' Advertisement Continue reading the main story But he said that Mr. Clinton had become a Commander in Chief who by lying in legal forums ''trivializes, ignores, shreds, minimizes the sanctity'' of his oath of office. Representative Nancy L. Johnson of Connecticut said ''there can be no justice without the truth.'' Democrats argued back that the President's actions were wrong and deserved censure but did not rise to the level of impeachment. Representative David E. Bonior of Michigan, the House minority whip, said Republicans were trying to ''hijack an election and hound the President out of office.'' Moments before the impeachment votes, Democrats tried to bring to the floor their own proposal to censure Mr. Clinton. But after some debate, their motion was held to be not germane to impeachment and ruled out of order by Representative Ray LaHood, an Illinois Republican whom Speaker Gingrich named to preside over the impeachment proceedings. The Democrats appealed the ruling, expecting to lose because such appeals are considered a challenge to the right of the majority party to run the House. Their motion failed, 230 to 204. Two Republicans, Constance A. Morella of Maryland and Peter T. King of Long Island, broke with precedent and crossed party lines to vote with the Democrats. As their motion failed, the Democrats briefly marched out of the House chamber in protest. But they returned to vote on the four articles of impeachment. For one year the Lewinsky scandal has preoccupied the capital despite an immense disconnection with public opinion. Since the scandal became public last January, polls have shown the public opposed impeachment and wanted the inquiry brought to an end. Even on Friday night, after a 13-hour debate, a CBS News Poll of 548 people showed only 38 percent wanted their representative to vote for impeachment; 58 percent wanted a no vote. The conflict now enters uncharted seas. The Nixon resignation cut the matter short, and the Andrew Johnson trial occurred more than 100 years ago, in a different America, one without nuclear weapons or cable television or public opinion polls. Despite Mr. Lott's recent assurances that he will move ahead, some wonder whether the Senate may yet flinch from a trial because of the popular will. But Republicans have steadfastly ignored the polls all year. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Representative J. C. Watts of Oklahoma, the newly elected chairman of the House Republican conference, said in debate today, ''What's popular isn't always right. You say polls are against this. Polls measure changing feelings, not steadfast principle. Polls would have rejected the Ten Commandments. Polls would have embraced slavery and ridiculed women's rights. ''You say we must draw this to a close,'' Mr. Watts continued, ''I say we must draw a line between right and wrong, not with a tiny fine line of an executive fountain pen, but with the big fat lead of a No. 2 pencil. And we must do it so every kid in America can see it. The point is not whether the President can prevail, but whether truth can prevail.'' Yet, for all of the Democrats' charges of excessive partisanship today, enough Republicans did pick and choose among articles of impeachment to send only two of the four that had come out of the House Judiciary Committee on to the Senate. A number of Republicans said they did not think a perjury charge in Ms. Jones's civil case warranted impeachment, particularly since Mr. Clinton's deposition had been held by a judge to be immaterial. Many of them also looked dimly at impeaching the President for abuse of power -- a term taken from the proceedings against Mr. Nixon in 1974 -- simply because his answers to 81 questions from the Judiciary Committee were legalistic and evasive. Representative David Hobson, Republican of Ohio, said he supported impeachment of the President for lying to a grand jury but not in the Jones case. ''Even if it's true, I worry whether it rises to the same threshold for impeachment,'' he said. ''I didn't want to pile on.'' <N> Bah humbug. These famous lines are recited every year around Christmas time, and were made famous in 1843 when Charles Dickens published his famous story; A Christmas Carol. This happened on December 19th, along with many other events. The famous, but terrible, winter at Valley Forge, where George Washington and his men of the Continental Army suffered greatly, was during 1777; and they entered Valley Forge on December 19th of that year. This day also marks the return of the last lunar mission, the Apollo 17, in 1972. Perhaps the most well known event that occurred recently on this day was in 1998 when President Clinton was impeached for lying to a grand jury about his affair with Monica Lewinski. All of this, along with more, is explained in the This Day in History Video: December 19th. After nearly 14 hours of debate, the House of Representatives approves two articles of impeachment against President Bill Clinton, charging him with lying under oath to a federal grand jury and obstructing justice. Clinton, the second president in American history to be impeached, vowed to finish his term. In November 1995, Clinton began an affair with Monica Lewinsky, a 21-year-old unpaid intern. Over the course of a year and a half, the president and Lewinsky had nearly a dozen sexual encounters in the White House. In April 1996, Lewinsky was transferred to the Pentagon. That summer, she first confided in Pentagon co-worker Linda Tripp about her sexual relationship with the president. In 1997, with the relationship over, Tripp began secretly to record conversations with Lewinsky, in which Lewinsky gave Tripp details about the affair. In December, lawyers for Paula Jones, who was suing the president on sexual harassment charges, subpoenaed Lewinsky. In January 1998, allegedly under the recommendation of the president, Lewinsky filed an affidavit in which she denied ever having had a sexual relationship with him. Five days later, Tripp contacted the office of Kenneth Starr, the Whitewater independent counsel, to talk about Lewinsky and the tapes she made of their conversations. Tripp, wired by FBI agents working with Starr, met with Lewinsky again, and on January 16, Lewinsky was taken by FBI agents and U.S. attorneys to a hotel room where she was questioned and offered immunity if she cooperated with the prosecution. A few days later, the story broke, and Clinton publicly denied the allegations, saying, I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Ms. Lewinsky. In late July, lawyers for Lewinsky and Starr worked out a full-immunity agreement covering both Lewinsky and her parents, all of whom Starr had threatened with prosecution. On August 6, Lewinsky appeared before the grand jury to begin her testimony, and on August 17 President Clinton testified. Contrary to his testimony in the Paula Jones sexual-harassment case, President Clinton acknowledged to prosecutors from the office of the independent counsel that he had had an extramarital affair with Ms. Lewinsky. In four hours of closed-door testimony, conducted in the Map Room of the White House, Clinton spoke live via closed-circuit television to a grand jury in a nearby federal courthouse. He was the first sitting president ever to testify before a grand jury investigating his conduct. That evening, President Clinton also gave a four-minute televised address to the nation in which he admitted he had engaged in an inappropriate relationship with Lewinsky. In the brief speech, which was wrought with legalisms, the word sex was never spoken, and the word regret was used only in reference to his admission that he misled the public and his family. Less than a month later, on September 9, Kenneth Starr submitted his report and 18 boxes of supporting documents to the House of Representatives. Released to the public two days later, the Starr Report outlined a case for impeaching Clinton on 11 grounds, including perjury, obstruction of justice, witness-tampering, and abuse of power, and also provided explicit details of the sexual relationship between the president and Ms. Lewinsky. On October 8, the House authorized a wide-ranging impeachment inquiry, and on December 11, the House Judiciary Committee approved three articles of impeachment. On December 19, the House impeached Clinton. On January 7, 1999, in a congressional procedure not seen since the 1868 impeachment trial of President Andrew Johnson, the trial of President Clinton got underway in the Senate. As instructed in Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution, the chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court (William Rehnquist at this time) was sworn in to preside, and the senators were sworn in as jurors. Five weeks later, on February 12, the Senate voted on whether to remove Clinton from office. The president was acquitted on both articles of impeachment. The prosecution needed a two-thirds majority to convict but failed to achieve even a bare majority. Rejecting the first charge of perjury, 45 Democrats and 10 Republicans voted not guilty, and on the charge of obstruction of justice the Senate was split 50-50. After the trial concluded, President Clinton said he was profoundly sorry for the burden his behavior imposed on Congress and the American people. <N> Livingston Quits as Speaker-Designate Rep. Bob Livingston speaks at the House impeachment debate on Saturday. (CSPAN) By Eric Pianin Washington Post Staff Writer Sunday, December 20, 1998; Page A1 Fearing that a controversy over his sexual past would undercut his power and tear apart his family, Rep. Bob Livingston (R-La.) yesterday told an astounded House he will not assume the speakership he claimed last month but would instead resign from Congress next year. Livingston made his unexpected announcement during the impeachment debate on the House floor after pointedly calling on President Clinton to resign, which at first stirred angry shouts from Democrats. "No," they shouted. "You resign. You resign." But the chamber suddenly fell silent as the congressman revealed that he would end his own political career. "I believe I had it in me to do a fine job," Livingston said. "But I cannot do that job or be the kind of leader that I would like to be under current circumstances." As he strode from the podium, members from both sides of the aisle rose in ovation. Even as the House began voting articles of impeachment, Livingston's announcement precipitated an immediate leadership scramble among Republicans. Rep. J. Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.), the chief deputy majority whip, swiftly emerged as the leading contender for speaker, with the backing of virtually every outgoing and future leader. In a year of bizarre political turmoil, the spectacle of a speaker-designate resigning on the same day the House voted to impeach the president over alleged lies in sworn testimony about sex with an intern left even the most seasoned veterans gaping and shaken. "How many more good people are going to be destroyed next by Christmas?" asked Rep. David R. Obey (D-Wis.), a friend of Livingston's, fighting back tears. "What are we going to do? Line them all up and mow them down?" Rep. Michael N. Castle (R-Del.) added: "This is all so overwhelming. There have been so many bombshells you can barely turn your back." Livington made his decision early yesterday, after a long night of soul-searching and consultation with his wife of 33 years, Bonnie. It was his wife who had insisted that he disclose his past extramarital affairs on Thursday, after learning that Hustler magazine was preparing an expose about Livingston and other members of Congress. At the heart of his decision was both political calculation and personal concern, according to associates and aides. Even before his official election as speaker by the incoming House, Livingston's support among Republicans had begun to erode because of outrage among a handful of social conservatives and moderates over his sexual revelations. Reps. Donald Manzullo (R-Ill.) and Steve Largent (R-Okla.), both committed religious conservatives, were among the most outspoken critics, while a few prominent moderates said privately that they were upset because Livingston hadn't disclosed the affairs before he was picked to succeed outgoing Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.). With Republicans holding a majority edge over the Democrats of only six seats in the incoming House, Livingston would have lived in constant fear of losing a handful of defectors. "He knew some members were in a quandary over the moral authority associated with him," said Rep. Zach Wamp (R-Tenn.), a Livingston backer. "There were discussions underway [Friday] night on who might be prepared to step in as speaker." But Livingston was less concerned about his diminished support than the corrosive effect the controversy was having on his marriage, which he said had barely survived his past indiscretions. His wife insisted that he resign the speakership to avoid more embarrassment and he complied, according to several GOP lawmakers. "What he did today was as much for [his wife] as for him and his country," said Rep. W.J. "Billy" Tauzin (R-La.), a close friend. "His wife was in agony." "He made some mistakes in his life that came back to bite him and he did the honorable thing," said Mark C. Corallo, Livingston's press secretary. "He could have hung on as speaker, but who wants to hang on?" Livingston, 55, a former federal prosecutor and until recently the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, avoided reporters' questions other than to say: "I just woke up this morning and it seemed like a good thing to do. . . . I feel great." Livingston's announcement came with no warning  many of his closest friends and longtime aides said they were caught by surprise  and left the House in turmoil less than three weeks before the 106th Congress is scheduled to take office. As one indication of the growing instability of the office, the late Thomas P. "Tip" O'Neill Jr. (D-Mass.) was the last person to voluntarily retire from the speakership, in 1988. Since then, four others  Democrats Jim Wright (Tex.) and Thomas Foley (Wash.), and Republicans Gingrich and Livingston  were either forced out or lost their election. Even as they prepared to cast historic impeachment votes, most House members struggled with their emotions and shock over Livingston's abrupt resignation. Rep. Sue W. Kelly (N.Y.) said she was one of many GOP members who had no prior warning that Livingston was preparing to step down. As it dawned on them that his remarks were leading to that announcement, she said, "I heard people around me saying, 'Oh, God, Bob, don't do this' and 'Bob, no.'" Like a family in mourning, members from both sides of the aisle approached Livingston on the floor or in the Appropriations Committee office a few steps from the House floor to offer words of support, pats on the back and hugs. "It was a complete surprise," said Rep. Harold Rogers (R-Ky.), a senior member of the Appropriations Committee. "I knew he was hurt and was racked by the story. But if there's one thing about Livingston, he's decisive. He takes a lot of advice from us, but he holds his own counsel." Rep. Richard H. Baker, a fellow Louisiana Republican, had no knowledge of Livingston's personal difficulties. But he had issued a warning when his colleague first broached the topic of running for speaker early this year. "I told him I thought political forces would make his life hell and he would regret every day of his speakership for personal reasons, but I hope for the sake of our country and our Congress he would run," Baker recalled. "I had no idea they would go this far." "We are not perfect people. We are all sinners," said retiring Rep. Vic Fazio (D-Calif.), another committee member who has known Livingston for years. "But that should not destroy our ability to lead. No one should be driven from office by the kind of position Mr. Livingston was put in. I think it's a terrible result." Livingston was first elected to Congress in a 1977 special election and rose to power as a member of the House Appropriations Committee. He was handpicked by Gingrich to become committee chairman after the GOP takeover in 1994, and he quickly locked up GOP support for his bid for the speakership when Gingrich announced that he would resign after the Republicans' dismal showing in last month's elections. While many had high hopes that Livingston, an affable and highly popular lawmaker, would lead the House into a new era of comity, his relations with Democrats quickly soured when he recently sided with conservatives in blocking a House vote on censure as an alternative to Clinton's impeachment. Tension turned to crisis Thursday evening when Livingston announced to his fellow Republicans that he had occasionally "strayed from my marriage" after learning that Hustler magazine was preparing an article reporting that he had had several extramarital relationships. "To my colleagues, my friends and most especially my wife and family, I have hurt you all deeply and I beg your forgiveness," an emotional Livingston said on the House floor. "I thank my constituents for the opportunity to serve them," he added. "I hope they will not think badly of me for leaving." Staff writers Ceci Connolly, Lois Romano, George Hager, Amy Goldstein, Charles Babcock and Dan Morgan contributed to this report.  Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company Back to the top <N> Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich was having an extramarital affair even as he led the charge against President Clinton over the Monica Lewinsky affair, he acknowledged in an interview with a conservative Christian group. "The honest answer is yes," Gingrich, a potential 2008 Republican presidential candidate, said in an interview with Focus on the Family founder James Dobson to be aired Friday, according to a transcript provided to The Associated Press. "There are times that I have fallen short of my own standards. There's certainly times when I've fallen short of God's standards." Gingrich argued in the interview, however, that he should not be viewed as a hypocrite for pursuing Clinton's infidelity. "The president of the United States got in trouble for committing a felony in front of a sitting federal judge," the former Georgia congressman said of Clinton's 1998 House impeachment on perjury and obstruction of justice charges. "I drew a line in my mind that said, 'Even though I run the risk of being deeply embarrassed, and even though at a purely personal level I am not rendering judgment on another human being, as a leader of the government trying to uphold the rule of law, I have no choice except to move forward and say that you cannot accept ... perjury in your highest officials." Widely considered a mastermind of the Republican revolution that swept Congress in the 1994 elections, Gingrich remains wildly popular among many conservatives. He has repeatedly placed near the top of Republican presidential polls recently, even though he has not formed a campaign. Gingrich has said he is waiting to see how the Republican field shapes up before deciding in the fall whether to run. Reports of extramarital affairs have dogged him for years as a result of two messy divorces, but he has refused to discuss them publicly. Gingrich, who frequently campaigned on family values issues, divorced his second wife, Marianne, in 2000 after his attorneys acknowledged Gingrich's relationship with his current wife, Callista Bisek, a former congressional aide more than 20 years younger than he is. His first marriage, to his former high school geometry teacher, Jackie Battley, ended in divorce in 1981. Although Gingrich has said he doesn't remember it, Battley has said Gingrich discussed divorce terms with her while she was recuperating in the hospital from cancer surgery. Gingrich married Marianne months after the divorce. "There were times when I was praying and when I felt I was doing things that were wrong. But I was still doing them," he said in the interview. "I look back on those as periods of weakness and periods that I'm ... not proud of." <N> WASHINGTON  The book jacket for J. Dennis Hasterts 2004 memoir, Speaker, proudly notes how little known he was by the public despite being one of the most powerful people in America. Not because he has anything to hide, it says, but because he doesnt care who gets the credit. It turns out that John Dennis Hastert did have something to hide, something quite reprehensible. Now his admission in federal court that he sexually molested wrestlers on the Illinois high school team he coached years before setting foot on Capitol Hill is provoking a re-evaluation of his tenure as the longest-serving Republican speaker. And Mr. Hastert fares poorly in this new light. The bill of particulars is lengthy. Consider the Mark Foley page scandal. An explosion in questionable earmarking for pet legislative projects. The neutering of an already weak ethics process. Hardball tactics on the House floor. A weakening of committee chairmen accompanied by heightened pressure on them to leverage legislative clout to raise campaign money. Undue deference to the executive branch. Personal enrichment. Take those together with the shocking revelations of sexual abuse of youths placed in the trust of Mr. Hastert, a popular and successful coach, and he emerges as a deeply flawed figure who contributed significantly to the dysfunction that defines Congress today. Even his namesake Hastert rule  the informal standard that no legislation should be brought to a vote without the support of a majority of the majority  has come to be seen as a structural barrier to compromise. <N> The Speaker who never was By Adam Cohen December 21, 1998 Web posted at: 2:54 p.m. EST (1954 GMT) Early Saturday morning before the impeachment vote, House Speaker-designate Bob Livingston called majority whip Tom DeLay with a piece of news: I'm resigning. When he made the same announcement on the House floor, it was his second bombshell in three days. The first was his forced confession--the media were about to out him--that "I have on occasion strayed from my marriage." Livingston gave no details, which left Hustler publisher Larry Flynt to spread around whatever he pleased. With no sign of proof, Flynt claimed four women had told his staff about past liaisons with Livingston. Flynt said he has a tape of Newt Gingrich's erstwhile successor engaging in "raunchy" phone sex. Livingston's downfall was the handiwork of Flynt, who took out an ad in the Washington Post two months ago offering up to $1 million to any woman who could prove an affair with a high government official. Several respondents reportedly named Livingston, and suddenly Hustler--whose best-known editorial feature until now was a cover photo of a woman being fed into a meat grinder--was setting the agenda in the capital. With Livingston out, the rush was on to fill the speakership. Even as the House was preparing to vote on impeachment and Livingston's corpse was still warm, G.O.P. leaders were just a few feet away tapping a successor. Dennis Hastert, a six-term Illinois Congressman, was the reluctant draft pick. "What's Dick going to do?" Hastert asked David Hobbs, chief of staff for majority leader Dick Armey, who was once considered a contender for the top spot. "I don't know," Hobbs answered. "What are you going to do?" Hastert responded, "I don't know." But before he had even decided he wanted the post, Hastert was already the front runner. Outgoing speaker Gingrich, whom Livingston had informed the night before, was buttonholing members on the floor. DeLay was harnessing his network of 64 vote counters on behalf of Hastert, who happens to be his chief deputy. Within five hours of Livingston's announcement, the race was won. "It's over," said a senior Republican aide. "Denny was the hardest one to convince." Critics say Hastert--who, barring yet another surprise, will be elected in January--would be a DeLay puppet. The controversial whip could use him to push a confrontational agenda while protecting DeLay from becoming a Gingrich-like target. But supporters say the low-key Hastert--a former high school teacher and wrestling coach--could be a "healing agent" in a body that needs one. Still, it's too soon to predict that Congress will return to normal anytime soon. Flynt cheerfully declared last week that the Livingston reports were "just the beginning." He has a list, he said, of a dozen straying politicians, including one Republican Senator who participated in a "threesome." Hustler says it may reveal more names at the start of the New Year. Even with Livingston gone, the era of sexual scandal his name will be part of shows every sign of enduring. MORE TIME STORIES: Cover Date: December 28, 1998 <N> Newt Gingrichs affair with his future third wife Callista Bisek, at the time an aide in the office of Wisconsin Rep. Steve Gunderson, was in full bloom on the eve of the Republican Revolution that propelled Gingrich to become House Speaker, in 1994. It was fairly common knowledge on the Hill, a former colleague of Callistas in Gundersons office tells Rolling Stone. Certainly in Republican circles it was widely known about. The former colleagues comments shed new light on the out-in-the-open nature of the Gingrich affair  years before Gingrich would petition his second wife for an open marriage in 1999. Callista, whom the former colleague remembers as a small-town girl from Wisconsin would discuss her relationship with Gingrich at the office. She was not veiled about it, he says. Without explicitly saying, Yes Im having an affair with Newt, Callista would say things like, Obviously youre aware of the relationship I have, the ex-staffer recalls. Callistas boss, Rep. Gunderson was also keenly aware of that relationship. Gunderson was a Rockefeller Republican  very moderate in his viewpoints  a fiscal Republican while being against the GOPs social agenda, the former deputy recalls. But nonetheless hed risen to the leadership of the Republican Party; Gunderson was installed as Gingrichs chief deputy whip for strategy in 1989. This was particularly unusual because Gunderson is a gay Republican. He was famously outted on the House floor by a GOP colleague during the March 1994 debate over the Defense of Marriage Act. But Gingrich had known of his deputys sexual orientation since at least 1991. He had this unique intellectual relationship with Newt, the deputy recalls. Steve had a certain resonance and friendship with Newt. But deputy whip was a very unusual position for a guy like Steve. He wasnt Tom DeLay. (Gunderson quietly stepped down from the leadership post in June 1993, denouncing the GOP platform as having been kidnapped by the hard right.) On the eve of the 1994 elections, Gundersons friendship with Gingrich afforded the future speaker the Wisconsin congressmans ultimate discretion. Gunderson didnt condone this relationship between Callista and Newt, says the former deputy, but as a gay man  particularly a previously closeted gay man  he was respectful of peoples private lives. And he was very explicit in conversations with me to that effect. (As BuzzFeed reports today, Gingrich would later use the full weight of his office in an effort to help Gunderson protect his House seat in 1996.) Oddly, Gingrich and Bisek benefitted from something akin to omerta across the Hill. She openly carried on this affair with Newt, the colleague says, shaking his head. I wouldnt say they were flamboyant about it, but they werent veiled about it either. I would see them having lunch in some of the Capitol cafeterias, or restaurants about town. By the time the Lewinsky/impeachment saga rolled around, says the former staffer, It was everything I could do to restrain myself for putting in for Larry Flynts reward for any salacious stories about Republicans. It was the obvious one. Its still shocking to me that I didnt put in for the money  and that nobody else did either, the ex-staffer says. Im not sure how that got suppressed. <N> It's too bad Donald Trump canceled his Chicago rally last week. It would've been something to hear him read the lyrics of "The Snake" right here in the hometown of its author, singer-songwriter and social activist Oscar Brown Jr. Trump, for those who haven't been watching his campaign rallies, occasionally takes to reading poetry to his crowds in between his declarations of greatness and calls for violence against his detractors. He really likes to read "The Snake," which tells the story of a charitable woman who takes in an ailing snake only to have the creature turn around and kill her with a venomous bite. Trump read the song lyrics at his rally Sunday in Bloomington, Ill., just after the part of his campaign speech where he alluded to the threat of Islam and his thoughts on terrorism. The song, he said, prepping his audience, "represents terrorism." Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune The family of the late Oscar Brown Jr., author of the song The Snake, wants Donald Trump to quit reciting its lyrics at his campaign rallies. The family of the late Oscar Brown Jr., author of the song The Snake, wants Donald Trump to quit reciting its lyrics at his campaign rallies. (Chris Walker / Chicago Tribune) In Trump's reading, it wraps up with this line: "'Oh shut up, silly woman,' said the reptile with a grin. 'You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.'" A grin slipped over Trump's face as he looked back up to the audience. "Right? Does everybody sort of get it?" The question is: Does Trump? The song, written by Brown in 1963 and recorded by Al Wilson in 1969, is based on one of Aesop's fables, which means it's been told in various forms for about 2,500 years. It's an allegory, so it can be about a lot of situations where one party unsuspectingly lets in an evildoer and then gets hurt. It's not clear when or how Trump discovered the R&B song  his campaign hasn't answered my inquiries  or whether he knows anything about Oscar Brown Jr. Trump is more of a classic rock guy, according to Rolling Stone's digging, and especially loves Neil Young. That love soured, though, after Young demanded that Trump stop using his "Rockin' in the Free World" on the campaign trail. Now Brown's family would like Trump to stop using "The Snake." Brown, who died in 2005 at 78, was a singer, songwriter, playwright, actor and social activist. Tribune jazz critic Howard Reich called Brown "one of the greatest socio-political songwriters of the 20th century." He wrote such civil rights-era classic as "Signifyin' Monkey" and "Work Song," and he brought scenes from the violent streets of Chicago to the stage through his musicals, "Great Nitty Gritty" and "Kicks & Co." His family is certain that Brown would be on the "polar opposite side" of Trump if he were still alive  and whether the billionaire presidential candidate is violating any copyright or not (lawyers say it's unclear whether Trump could claim "fair use"), family members say Trump's anti-inclusive message is reason enough to demand that he stop using the song. "We don't want him using these lyrics," said Brown's daughter, Maggie Brown, also a distinguished singer. "If Dad were alive, he would've ripped (Trump) with a great poem in rebuttal. Not only a poem and a song, but an essay and everything else." Maybe Trump was just confused? Perhaps he thought he had something in common with Brown because their families both have history in the real estate business. It's true: Brown's father, Oscar Brown Sr., like Trump's father, Fred Trump, earned his living in real estate. But that's where the similarity ends. Oscar Brown Sr., the son of a former slave, a World War I veteran and lawyer, was the first manager of Chicago's Ida B. Wells Homes in 1940 and was a lifelong social activist on behalf of fair housing and equal justice. At one point in the 1930s, disillusioned with the progress of racial integration, he advocated for a new, separate state for African-Americans in the South. In 1944 he served as president of the Chicago chapter of the NAACP. Meanwhile, Fred Trump and his son, Donald, spent much of the early 1970s in a legal battle with the Department of Justice over allegations that the Trump real estate business in New York violated the Fair Housing Act by discriminating against African-Americans trying to rent apartments. Wait, who's the snake? Oscar Brown Jr.'s grandson, Sidakarav Dasa, first noticed Trump's use of "The Snake" in January and posted a long objection on his Facebook page. An excerpt: "I see you liked 'The Snake,' a poem and song written by my revolutionary grandfather, the late, great 'Grandpap of Rap,' Oscar Brown Jr. (who was recently honored by having a street named after him on Chicago's South Side, where he lived). It would have been nice if you credited him for his work, but I can see how telling your crowd that you were quoting a man who resigned from the Communist Party in 1956, declaring himself 'just too black to be red,' might be problematic." Dasa went on to recommend that Trump consider reading another Brown poem at his rallies, one called "Debris" that addresses the political reaction to the 9/11 attacks and includes this line: "So efforts to terrorize terror / Just guarantee terror no end / A violent response is in error / For violence then will extend." Perhaps Donald Trump has done us an unintentional favor, though, by reminding us of Brown's legacy and bringing "The Snake" into this campaign. The lyrics are relevant. There is a snake in our midst, and we should be alarmed. Does everybody sort of get it? Lara Weber is a member of the Chicago Tribune Editorial Board. _EMAIL_ Twitter @lweber Related articles: Donald Trump still loves to stir up hate Can Donald Trump save his failing presidency? Why Donald Trump won and what Democrats must do differently next time Ivanka Trump's White House role is a symbol of democratic decline <N> NEWS: On 12 November 2015, a number of web sites published a video purportedly showing Muslim refugees engaging in various acts of violence. One of the most popular iterations was published on the web site BuzzPo under the title This Is The Most Disturbing Muslim Refugee Video You Will Ever See: Its time for Americans to wake up and see what really happens when you let thousands of Muslim refugees into your country. Dont let whats happening in Europe happen to us! Share this video to help spread the word. While the above-displayed video does contain some real footage of the refugee crisis in Europe, it also contains several completely unrelated clips. But before we get to those specific pieces of misinformation, lets examine where the video came from, why it was made, and how it spread across the internet. /Pol/ This video was originally uploaded to the Politically Incorrect, or /pol/, section of the web site 8chan on 9 November 2015 by a user named Gex. The original thread introducing the propaganda piece With Gates Wide Open: The forced collective suicide of European nations  Extended Cinematic has been deleted, but a cached version of the page revealed some insight into Gexs motive: Due to the tremendous success of the last cultural enrichment compilation, Ive released a new one, thrice the length and with more editing. Almost 20 minutes of what the left fears most: Reality. I urge you to download and mirror the video immediately. Spread it everywhere. Use jDownloader fr best results Editing takes a lot of time and work. Im a student and I gain nothing out of this except the good feeling of people receiving a dose of reality. So if you want to make a small contribution, you can do it with BTC, it would be much appreciated. Several users commended Gex for his propaganda (while the video can certainly be labeled as anti-refugee propaganda, it should be noted that that label was first applied by the users of 8chan) and praised the video as exemplary redpilling: This is why videos like OPs are the best for redpilling. They dont go all in. They are normalf*g friendly. This is how you redpill. Great work Gex. Redpill is a reference to the movie The Matrix where the main character Neo has to choose the red pill and accept reality, or the blue bill and deny reality. With regards to the above-displayed video, 8chan is attempting to redpill (i.e., convince), online users that the With Gates Wide Open video depicts the reality of the refugee crisis. But before they can do this, they have to make sure that the video goes viral: Operation Avalanche Shortly after the video was released, Operation Avalanche started in order to ensure that the video was picked up by the media. Users were instructed to share the video via social media and email it to any outlet that would likely publish it: With the recent release of GEXs Masterful Propaganda Piece, Its fallen to us to ensure it survives the coming week and recieves enough attention to weather it past Social Media sliding. Thus, the necessity of this operation. if you tweet/post the video on social media use the hashtag #withopengates All tweets with the video or a link to it must have #withopengates to push the hashtag. An Additional hashtag could be possible but we need to keep it focused on just one or two. If we use too many the focus wont be concentrated where it needs to be. Dont just push the video either, be sure to post/tweet about other stories, articles, and videos showing migrants being animals or violent heathens. This isnt our main objective but it will help supplement our claims both by showing additional evidence other than the video to counter claims its fake, and by showing we arent a bunch of bot accounts shilling for this video. Good hashtag here would be (be sure to include #withopengates) #refugeecrisis And I encourage you to send the video to journalists, news agencies, government officials if you can, city council members, and anyone else you can think of. I dont care if they are mainstream or alternative we need to send this everywhere. But be sure to frame it in an appropriate manner. Someone on the right would work with it if you sent this video is spot on an SJW would probably need something like I find this offensive to those poor poor refugees bloggers,youtube personalities anybody. Just frame it in a way that they will talk about it. While 8Chan consists of individual users and doesnt have one collective voice, its clear that the video was made in an attempt to stir up fear about refugees. And while the users insist that they are helping people swallow the red pill and see the reality of the situation, the above-displayed video contains several clips unrelated to the refugee crisis in Europe. The Video There was a clear agenda behind the With Gates Wide Open video. While some real footage of Muslim refugees is used, several deceptive practices were employed in the editing of the film. For instance, many of the individual shots used in the film appear on screen for only a few brief moments, which makes it difficult to determine the contexts of those scenes. Take the clip shown at the 7:43 mark, for example. The audio comes from a man talking about how he is afraid to walk down the street due to the growing refugee population, while the visual shows someone being attacked. In the context of the video it is reasonable to assume that the man is being attacked by refugees, but that is not the case. Instead of showing refugees attacking an innocent civilian, the clip actually shows two Slovakian migrant workers who were attacked by leftist activist in Stockholm: Similarly, a clip at the 7:51 mark that is played as the narrator talks about crime skyrocketing has nothing to do with refugees. The clip comes from a 2013 incident in which soccer fans rioted following Paris Saint-Germains first French league title in 19 years. The video also uses previously debunked footage purportedly showing Muslims on a train in Germany in 2015. That piece of footage actually came from France and was first uploaded to YouTube in 2010, before the current Syrian refugee crisis began: The With Gates Wide Open video features glimpses of violence in cities across the world. While the video is edited to make it seem as though all of the incidents involve refugees in Europe, that is simply not the case. <N> A Seattle woman who was flying to San Francisco to spread her husband's ashes took her 25-pound pet turkey on the flight for emotional support. Read: Flight Forced to Divert Because of Drunk Passenger Who Shouted: 'We Are All Going to Die!' Jodie Smalley, 34, says her turkey, Easter, has been there for her since her husband passed away from cancer three months ago. She had a custom diaper made for Easter for their flight, and she has all the necessary documents that certify the turkey is a legitimate emotional support animal. Hearing about a turkey on a plane sounds ridiculous, she said. But people have no idea what Ive been through. She said the presence of her turkey, which she has had since Easter was a chick, truly helps. Shes been there for me, Jodie said. Fellow travelers were tickled by their feathered fellow passenger and whipped out their cellphones to take pictures. Easter didnt make a sound during the two-hour flight and exited the plane like a veteran traveler. Read: Donkey Rescued from Floodwaters Smiles Wide for the Camera Jodie spread her husband's ashes at San Franciscos Japanese Tea Garden. "Its been a tough day today," she said, hugging Easter. Watch: Flight Attendant Loses It After Cat Escapes on Plane Related Articles: <N> At night, when you catch sight of an opossum in your car headlights, you are allowed to think, "That is one ugly little animal." But what opossums lack in looks, they make up in originality. They're America's only babies-in-the pouch marsupial. They're a southern species -- proper name Virginia opossum -- that's adapted to New England winters. They're one of the oldest species of mammal around, having waddled past dinosaurs. They eat grubs and insects and even mice, working over the environment like little vacuum cleaners. "They really eat whatever they find," said Laura Simon, wildlife ecologist with the U.S. Humane Society. And they're an animal whose first line of defense includes drooling and a wicked hissing snarl -- a bluff -- followed by fainting dead away and "playing possum." "They are just interesting critters," said Mark Clavette, a wildlife biologist with the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. And now ecologists have learned something else about opossums. They're a sort of magnet when it comes to riding the world of black-legged ticks, which spread Lyme disease. "Don't hit opossums if they've playing dead in the road," said Richard Ostfeld, of the Cary Institute for Ecosystem Studies in Millbrook, N.Y. Ostfeld is forest ecologist and an expert on the environmental elements of infectious diseases like Lyme disease. Several years ago, scientists decided to learn about the part different mammals play in the spread of the ticks and the disease. They tested six species -- white-footed mice, chipmunks, squirrels, opossums and veerys and catbirds -- by capturing and caging them, and then exposing each test subject to 100 ticks. What they found, is that of the six, the opossums were remarkably good at getting rid of the ticks -- much more so that any of the others. "I had no suspicion they'd be such efficient tick-killing animals," Ostfeld said. Indeed, among other opossum traits, there is this: They groom themselves fastidiously, like cats. If they find a tick, they lick it off and swallow it. (The research team on the project went through droppings to find this out. All praise to those who study possum poop.) Extrapolating from their findings, Ostfeld said, the team estimated that in one season, an opossum can kill about 5,000 ticks. What ecologists are learning is how complex the interaction of ticks and mammals can be. For example, foxes probably serve as a host for ticks seeking a blood meal. But foxes are great at killing white-footed mice -- the species in the environment credited with being the chief reservoir of the Lyme bacteria. Likewise, Ostfeld said, opossums, waddling around at night, pick up lots of ticks. Some ticks end up getting their blood meal from the possum. But more than 90 percent of them ended up being groomed away and swallowed. "They're net destroyers of ticks," Ostfeld said. For Simon, of the U.S. Humane Society, the Cary Institute research is a welcome justification to just leave opossums be. "People are so hard on them," she said. That's in part because people think oppossums might be rabid when they drool and hiss and carry on when threatened. In fact, opossums are resistant to rabies. Meanwhile, they are not particularly pretty. People who "ooh" and "aah" over fawns and bluebirds may not extend the same love to pokey animals with triangular heads, white faces and naked tails. "I tell people 'We can't all be beautiful,' " Simon said. Original Article > <N> Robert Miller: Opossums -- killers of ticks At night, when you catch sight of an opossum in your car headlights, you are allowed to think, "That is one ugly little animal." But what opossums lack in looks, they make up in originality. They're America's only babies-in-the pouch marsupial. They're a southern species -- proper name Virginia opossum -- that's adapted to New England winters. They're one of the oldest species of mammal around, having waddled past dinosaurs. They eat grubs and insects and even mice, working over the environment like little vacuum cleaners. "They really eat whatever they find," said Laura Simon, wildlife ecologist with the U.S. Humane Society. And they're an animal whose first line of defense includes drooling and a wicked hissing snarl -- a bluff -- followed by fainting dead away and "playing possum." "They are just interesting critters," said Mark Clavette, a wildlife biologist with the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. And now ecologists have learned something else about opossums. They're a sort of magnet when it comes to riding the world of black-legged ticks, which spread Lyme disease. "Don't hit opossums if they've playing dead in the road," said Richard Ostfeld, of the Cary Institute for Ecosystem Studies in Millerton, N.Y. Ostfeld is forest ecologist and an expert on the environmental elements of infectious diseases like Lyme disease. Several years ago, scientists decided to learn about the part different mammals play in the spread of the ticks and the disease. They tested six species -- white-footed mice, chipmunks, squirrels, opossums and veerys and catbirds -- by capturing and caging them, and then exposing each test subject to 100 ticks. What they found, is that of the six, the opossums were remarkably good at getting rid of the ticks -- much more so that any of the others. "I had no suspicion they'd be such efficient tick-killing animals," Ostfeld said. Indeed, among other opossum traits, there is this: They groom themselves fastidiously, like cats. If they find a tick, they lick it off and swallow it. (The research team on the project went through droppings to find this out. All praise to those who study possum poop.) Extrapolating from their findings, Ostfeld said, the team estimated that in one season, an opossum can kill about 5,000 ticks. What ecologists are learning is how complex the interaction of ticks and mammals can be. For example, foxes probably serve as a host for ticks seeking a blood meal. But foxes are great at killing white-footed mice -- the species in the environment credited with being the chief reservoir of the Lyme bacteria. Likewise, Ostfeld said, opossums, waddling around at night, pick up lots of ticks. Some ticks end up getting their blood meal from the possum. But more than 90 percent of them ended up being groomed away and swallowed. "They're net destroyers of ticks," Ostfeld said. For Simon, of the U.S. Humane Society, the Cary Institute research is a welcome justification to just leave opossums be. "People are so hard on them," she said. That's in part because people think oppossums might be rabid when they drool and hiss and carry on when threatened. In fact, opossums are resistant to rabies. Meanwhile, they are not particularly pretty. People who "ooh" and "aah" over fawns and bluebirds may not extend the same love to pokey animals with triangular heads, white faces and naked tails. "I tell people `We can't all be beautiful,' " Simon said. _EMAIL_; 203-731-3345 <N> The Virginia opossum is not the brightest of animals. When they are threatened, they pretend to be dead, which is where we get the expression "playing opossum." Sometimes, they do this in response to threats from oncoming traffic, which results in opossums becoming roadkill. The next time you see a opossum playing dead on the road, try your best to avoid hitting it. Because it turns out that opossums are allies in the fight against Lyme disease. Possums, like many other small and medium sized mammals, are hosts for ticks looking for a blood meal. But opossums are remarkably efficient at eliminating foraging ticks. "In a way, opossums are the unsung heroes in the Lyme Disease epidemic." Rick Ostfeld, author of a book on Lyme disease ecology and a senior scientist at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies, explains... "Because many ticks try to feed on opossums and few of them survive the experience. Opossums are extraordinarily good groomers it turns out  we never would have thought that ahead of time  but they kill the vast majority  more than 95% percent of the ticks that try to feed on them. So these opossums are walking around the forest floor, hoovering up ticks right and left, killing over 90% of these things, and so they are really protecting our health." So it's in our best interest to have opossum neighbors. This means keeping their habitat intact with thoughtful land use planning, tolerating them in our yards, and, whenever possible, avoiding opossum collisions. <N> Republican front-runner Donald Trump on Sunday made his first return to Illinois since a protest-filled Chicago rally was canceled as candidates and their top surrogates fanned out across the state on a frenzied final weekend before Tuesday's primary elections. On the Democratic side, former President Bill Clinton visited Chicago-area African-American churches in support of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, as did several supporting congressmen. Her rival, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, added a late night Monday rally in Chicago to his pre-primary day schedule. Trump, meanwhile, found a more conducive location than Chicago for his brash and controversial rhetoric by going to the central Illinois community of Bloomington. Still, his airport-hangar rally was interrupted occasionally and the city's newspaper, The Pantagraph, urged Republicans to vote for anyone but Trump, even though the paper doesn't endorse candidates in primary elections. Inside the rally, multiple pockets of protesters made themselves known, yelling "Dump Trump" as they were booed and escorted out by security. Some held colorful flags with peace signs, while others ripped up Trump signs and flashed T-shirts supporting Democrat Sanders. "Get them out of here, please," said Trump, a reality show TV star. "You see where they place themselves? Right in front of the cameras. Disgusting." The Downstate event came after Trump pulled the plug on a Friday night rally in Chicago as thousands of protesters gathered outside and hundreds more were in the arena after getting tickets online through his campaign. After Trump canceled, citing security concerns, there were scattered skirmishes between supporters and demonstrators inside and outside the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion. Security in Bloomington was tight Sunday, with attendees told to leave bags and umbrellas in their vehicles, forcing some to don black trash bags to protect against the rain as they waited to pass through metal detectors. Hundreds of people didn't make it inside. Also outside was a group of about 100 protesters, who waved anti-Trump signs and chanted "Mr. Hate, leave our state." CAPTION Warning: Graphic language. Raw video outside the UIC Pavilion after Donald Trump's rally was canceled. March 11, 2016. (Brian Nguyen / Chicago Tribune) Warning: Graphic language. Raw video outside the UIC Pavilion after Donald Trump's rally was canceled. March 11, 2016. (Brian Nguyen / Chicago Tribune) CAPTION Interim police Superintendent John Escalante says GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump did not consult them prior to cancelling a rally in Chicago on Friday evening. March 11, 2016. (Reuters) Interim police Superintendent John Escalante says GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump did not consult them prior to cancelling a rally in Chicago on Friday evening. March 11, 2016. (Reuters) "We are quite a bit ahead in Illinois, but I don't want to tell you that," saying he still wanted attendees to get to the polls. "The more we win by  the more delegates we're going to get." "I will never let you down," Trump said. "You will say it's the most important vote you ever cast." Trump took multiple swipes at Democrats and Republicans alike. He accused Sanders of flailing, labeled Republican Texas Sen. Ted Cruz as "Lying Ted" and declared he would sweep GOP Gov. John Kasich in his home state of Ohio. Cruz has scheduled a multicity fly-around of Illinois on Monday. Sen. Marco Rubio has remained in his home state of Florida, which also votes Tuesday and where he has staked the future of his campaign. "Your taxes are through the roof, your companies are leaving you. You have nothing going," said Trump, who then went on to blast the Ohio economy and Kasich's vote as a congressman in favor of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Trump and Kasich are running close in Ohio ahead of Tuesday's election. At one point, after again saying he would build a wall along the Mexican border to stop illegal immigration, Trump pulled a man up to the stage who was wearing a shirt that read "legal immigrant for Trump." As for building the wall, Trump said, "We'll insist on using Caterpillar, not Komatsu," a shoutout to the tractor maker and large employer headquartered 45 miles away in Peoria. The Bloomington speech came after Trump appeared on NBC's "Meet the Press," where he said he doesn't condone violence at his rallies but also does not "take responsibility" for the tense atmosphere at his events that his rhetoric creates. Trump said he has "instructed his people" to look into paying the legal fees of a 78-year-old man charged with assault after he sucker-punched a protester at a North Carolina rally. "He loves his country" and may have gotten "carried away," said Trump, who argued the supporter was provoked by the protester. In Chicago and west suburban Maywood, the former Democratic president sought to position his wife as the candidate who can heal a nation. "If you want to be able to say in four or eight years, we're better off than we were when she started, our children have a brighter future, it's wonderful that we've come together again instead of being ripped apart, you should vote for her on Tuesday," he told about 150 people at St. Luke's Missionary Baptist Church in the South Shore neighborhood. Both the former secretary of state and opponent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders have aggressively courted black voters in recent days. Sanders has sought to boost his chances by attacking Clinton ally Mayor Rahm Emanuel, whose approval rating has plummeted among the city's minority voters over the Laquan McDonald shooting controversy and the closing of nearly 50 schools mostly on Chicago's South and West sides. The former president did not mention Trump by name but made reference to some of the businessman's more controversial proposals that have racial undertones, including a ban on Muslim immigrants and the border wall. Clinton also referenced efforts to stir up anger among voters frustrated with the lack of rising wages and opportunities after the country's emergence from the Great Recession. "You're not happy. Let me tell you who to blame. Let's build a wall around the country. Let's blame the Mexicans. But there's a problem with blaming the Mexicans, they've been going home to Mexico since 2010 and we haven't had an increase in undocumented immigrants," Clinton told about 400 people at the Rock of Ages Baptist Church in Maywood. <N> You know what they used to do to a guy like that in a place like this? Donald Trump said. Theyd be carried out on a stretcher, folks. Trump on protester: 'Id like to punch him in the face' LAS VEGAS  Donald Trump wished grievous bodily harm on a protester at his rally here on Monday night, saying hed like to punch the man in the face and see him carried out on a stretcher. The guards are being very gentle with him, Trump said. Id like to punch him in the face, Ill tell you that. Story Continued Below Trump said the protester had been throwing punches. By the time a POLITICO reporter spotted the protester being led from the floor of South Point Arena by security personnel, the man was not throwing punches. According to multiple South Point security personnel, the man did not throw any punches. Trump "was just over-exaggerating," said one security guard, who asked that his name not be used. Were not allowed to punch back any more, Trump lamented. The billionaire said he missed the good old days, when the man would be treated differently. You know what they used to do to a guy like that in a place like this? Trump said. Theyd be carried out on a stretcher, folks. The businessman then moved on to his position on waterboarding. I think its great but I dont think we go far enough, Trump said. The businessman said the press would portray him as a mean guy for that position. Im just a guy who doesnt want to be pushed around by a bunch of animals, he said. These are animals. <N> Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Donald Trump is fresh off a big win in the South Carolina primary, and he's the heavy favorite in today's Nevada caucuses. So, naturally, it's time to fight somebody. Apparently, the person in the above video was the third protester to disrupt his pre-caucus rally in Las Vegas last night, and Trump got fed up. In today's America, he lamented, violent retribution for political dissent has been outlawed by the PC police. "I love the old days, you know? You know what I hate? There's a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches. We're not allowed to punch back anymore. I love the old days. You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this? They'd be carried out on a stretcher, folks." And later: "The guards are very gentle with him. He's walking out like big high-fives, he's smiling, laughing. I'd like to punch him in the face." The coded language here is daunting. I wonder who the "guys like that" are, and why they don't belong "in a place like this"? The protester's identity is not yet clear, nor do we know whether or not they were actually throwing punches. But this is not the first time Trump has responded to dissenting voices at his rallies by encouraging violence. In November, a Black Lives Matter protester was shoved to the ground at a Trump rally in Birmingham, Alabama, then punched and kicked repeatedly by Trump supporters. The next day, Trump was asked how he felt about his fans' response on his favorite show, Fox & Friends. "Maybe he should have been roughed up, because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing," Trump said, adding: "This was not handled the way Bernie Sanders handled his problem, I will tell you." Violence among Trump supporters and his security staff toward protestersparticularly immigration demonstratorsis basically routine. At a Florida rally, Trump explained his attitude: "See the first group, I was nice. Oh, take your time," Trump said of the protesters. "The second group, I was pretty nice. The third group, I'll be a little more violent. And the fourth group, I'll say get the hell out of here!" Advertisement - Continue Reading Below While political violence is as old as Americawill Trump be the second man to beat someone with a cane on the Senatefloor violence to silence dissent is also, you know, a hallmark of fascist movements. <N> On Friday night in Chicago, violence broke out between supporters and protesters at a Donald Trump rally, leading Trump to cancel the event. On Saturday, Trump blamed the protesters and "thugs"  a racially coded word  for the violence. But maybe Trump should blame himself. As Rachel Maddow demonstrated in a string of clips aired on MSNBC, Trump has consistently called for violence against protesters at his rallies. Here are Trump's previous comments in response to demonstrators at his events, taken from Maddow's video (starting at 3:40): February 1 in Iowa: "If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell. I promise you I will pay for the legal fees. I promise." February 22 in Nevada: "I love the old days. You know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this? They'd be carried out on a stretcher, folks. It's true.  I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell you." February 26 in Oklahoma: "In the good old days, they'd rip him out of that seat so fast. But today, everybody's politically correct. Our country's going to hell with being politically correct." February 29 in Virginia: "Get him out of here please. Get him out. Get him out.  Are you from Mexico? Are you from Mexico? Huh? Are you from Mexico?" March 4 in Michigan: "Get out of here. Get out. Out!  This is amazing. So much fun. I love it. I love it. We having a good time? USA, USA, USA!  All right, get him out. Try not to hurt him. If you do, I'll defend you in court. Don't worry about it.  We had four guys, they jumped on him, they were swinging and swinging. The next day, we got killed in the press  that we were too rough. Give me a break. You know? Right? We don't want to be too politically correct anymore. Right, folks?" March 4 in Michigan: "Remember when Bernie Sanders, they took the mic away from him? That's not going to happen with us, folks. That's not going to happen. Remember that? He walked away from the mic and he stood back and he watched these two young girls talking to the audience. And they said, 'We came to listen to him!' And he was standing in the back as two women took the mic away. No, that doesn't happen to us. Get that guy out of here! Get him out! Get that guy out of here!" March 9 in North Carolina: "We had some people, some rough guys like we have right in here. And they started punching back. It was a beautiful thing. I mean, they started punching back.  In the good old days, this doesn't happen because they used to treat them very, very rough. And when they protested once, you know, they would not do it again so easily. But today, they walk in and they put their hand up and put the wrong finger in the air at everybody, and they get away with murder, because we've become weak." March 11 in Missouri, hours before the Chicago rally: "Part of the problem and part of the reason it takes so long is nobody wants to hurt each other anymore. Right? And they're being politically correct the way they take them out. So it takes a little bit longer. And honestly, protesters, they realize it  they realize that there are no consequences to protesting anymore. There used to be consequences. There are none anymore." Trump's message in all these incidents is clear: Supporters should rough up protesters. Friday night's chaos seems like a natural reflection of that. Watch: Donald Trump's rise is a scary moment in America <N> A long-awaited memorial dedicated at Kent State University on Friday symbolizes a desire to record what happened there 20 years ago, but the woman whose photographic image became an enduring symbol of that era would rather forget. The photograph was of Mary Ann Vecchio, then a 14-year-old runaway from the Miami area, kneeling in anguish beside the body of one of four students slain by Ohio National Guardsmen on May 4, 1970. The photograph won a Pulitzer Prize for John Filo, a student photographer who is now deputy picture editor at Sports Illustrated magazine. It became a classic image of the Vietnam War and its repercussions at home. She Sought Seclusion But the photograph hounded Ms. Vecchio into seeking seclusion. Now a 34-year-old casino worker in Las Vegas, Nev., she told The Orlando Sentinel this week, ''It really destroyed my life, and I don't want to talk about it.'' Advertisement Continue reading the main story She said she was not interested in discussing the new Kent State monument. ''Big deal,'' she said. ''It has nothing to do with my life.'' <N> Mary Ann Vecchio (born December 4, 1955) is one of two subjects in the Pulitzer Prizewinning photograph by photojournalism student John Filo during the immediate aftermath of the Kent State shootings on May 4, 1970. The photograph depicts the 14-year-old Vecchio kneeling over the body of Jeffrey Miller, who had been fatally shot by the Ohio National Guard moments earlier. Vecchio had joined the protest while visiting the campus, where she befriended two of the other students hit by gunfire that day: Sandra Scheuer, who was killed, and Alan Canfora, who was wounded in the right wrist[1]. Other photographers captured the scene from other angles. A modification of the photograph was painted by Victor Kalin as cover art for a 12-inch vinyl phonograph record Murder at Kent State, released by Flying Dutchman Records in 1970. The painting makes a cultural statement by adding a National Guard unit in the background. Written commentary by Nat Hentoff places the incident in a context of national malaise.[2] Biography [ edit ] Vecchio was an Italian immigrant and runaway from Opa-locka, Florida, where she attended Westview Junior High School. After the shootings, she bartered her story to a local reporter in exchange for a bus ticket to California. She was found by police before boarding the bus and sent back to her family, who reportedly later sued T-shirt companies for 40 percent of the profits from sales of apparel featuring Filo's photograph. Following publication of the photograph through the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review satellite paper Valley Daily News and its subsequent pickup internationally, Florida governor Claude Kirk labelled Vecchio a dissident communist.[3] After Vecchio married Joe Gillum in 1979, the couple moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, where Vecchio became a clerk at a coffee shop. She later studied massage therapy and is employed as a respiratory therapist. Mary Ann Vecchio meets with John Filo at Kent State University in May 2009, thirty nine years after the shootings. In 1995, Vecchio and John Filo met for the first time, when both were scheduled to appear at an Emerson College conference commemorating the 25th anniversary of the shootings.[4] She also appeared at Kent State University in May of the same year for the 25th annual commemoration. She returned to Kent State University again for the 36th commemoration in May 2006 and for the 37th commemoration in May 2007.[5] She spoke at the 39th commemoration in May 2009, where she again met John Filo, their first meeting on the Kent State University campus. Vecchio also appeared at the 40th commemoration, drawing allusions to the present state of the country.[citation needed] Vecchio has been portrayed in several stage performances depicting the Kent State shootings. The character Vekeero in Halim El-Dabh's 1971 Opera Flies is based on Vecchio. Her role was played by Kelley Lepsik in the 2000 performance of Kent State: A Requiem. Janet Ruth Heller published a poem entitled "For Mary Vecchio, August, 1973," which portrays Vecchio as a modern Mary praying for the fallen Kent State students.[citation needed] Before being published, the photograph was retouched to remove the distracting background fencepost that appeared over Vecchio's head in the original image. The unretouched original was stored in the archives of Life magazine.[6] <N> Chronology of Events, May 1-4, 1970 May 1 On Friday, May 1, students organized a demonstration to protest the invasion of Cambodia. A copy of the Constitution was buried to symbolize its "murder." A second meeting was called for noon, Monday, May 4. On Friday evening, warm weather, drinking and indignation over the invasion of Cambodia resulted in a crowd which moved toward the center of town breaking some windows. Police met and dispersed the crowd at the intersection of Main and Water streets. The Kent city mayor viewed the scene, heard rumors of a radical plot, declared a state of emergency and telephoned the governor in Columbus for assistance. A National Guard officer was immediately dispatched. Bars were closed by local authorities and hundreds of people were forced into the streets and herded toward the campus with tear gas from riot-geared police. The town was quiet by 2:30 a.m. May 2 On Saturday, students assisted with the downtown cleanup. Rumors concerning radical activities were widespread and threats to merchants confirmed the fears of some townspeople. University officials obtained an injunction prohibiting damage to buildings on campus. Notice of this injunction appeared in leaflets distributed by the Office of Student Affairs. Shortly after 8:00 p.m., over one thousand persons surrounded the barracks housing the Army Reserve Officer Training Corps on campus and a few managed to set the building afire. Firemen left the scene after hoses were punctured and cut open, unable to extinguish the blaze. By midnight, the National Guard cleared the campus, forcing students and non-students into dormitories, where many spent the night. May 3 On Sunday there was a deceptively calm city and campus, occupied by National Guardsmen. Meetings produced a number of conflicting perceptions, resulting in misunderstandings among state, local and University officials. A deluge of sightseers added to the problems. Near dusk, a crowd gathered on the Commons at the Victory Bell (a bell ordinarily rung after athletic victories). The crowd failed to disperse. At 9:00 p.m., the Ohio Riot Act was read and tear gas was fired. The demonstrators reassembled at the intersection of East Main and Lincoln streets, blocking traffic. They believed that officials would speak to them, but no one arrived. The crowd became hostile and at 11:00 p.m. the Riot Act was read again, tear gas was used and a number of people -- guardsmen and demonstrators -- were injured in the confusion. The confrontation of Sunday night caused antagonism and resentment among all parties. Classes resumed on Monday. Demonstrators were determined to hold the rally at noon, even if prohibited. The National Guard resolved to disperse any assembly. May 4 By noon May 4, two thousand people had gathered in the vicinity of the Commons. Many knew that the rally had been banned. Others, especially commuters, did not know of this prohibition. Chants, curses and rocks answered an order to disperse. Shortly after noon, tear gas canisters were fired. The gas, blowing in the wind, had little effect. The guard moved forward with fixed bayonets, forcing demonstrators to retreat. Reaching the crest of the hill by Taylor Hall, the guard moved the demonstrators even farther to a nearby athletic practice field. Once on the practice field, the guard recognized that the crowd had not dispersed and that the field was fenced on three sides. Tear gas was traded for more rocks and verbal abuse. The guardsmen then retraced their line of march. Some demonstrators followed as close as 20 yards, but most were between 60 and 75 yards behind the guard. Near the crest of Blanket Hill, the guard turned and 28 guardsmen fired between 61 and 67 shots in 13 seconds toward the parking lot. Four persons lay dying and nine wounded. The closest casualty was 20 yards and the farthest was almost 250 yards away. All 13 were students at Kent State University. The four students who were killed were Jeffrey Miller, Allison Krause, William Schroeder and Sandra Scheuer. The nine wounded students were Joseph Lewis, John Cleary, Thomas Grace, Alan Canfora, Dean Kahler, Douglas Wrentmore, James Russell, Robert Stamps, and Donald MacKenzie. Dean Kahler was permanently paralyzed from his injury. Disbelief, fright and attempts at first aid gave way quickly to anger. A group of two hundred to three hundred demonstrators gathered on a slope nearby and were ordered to move. Faculty members were able to convince the group to disperse. A University ambulance moved through the campus making the following announcement over a public address system: "By order of President White, the University is closed. Students should pack their things and leave the campus as quickly as possible." Late that afternoon, the county prosecutor obtained an injunction closing the University indefinitely. Normal campus activities did not resume until the summer session. <N> American involvement in the civil war in Vietnamwhich pitted the communists of the northern part of the country against the more democratic southhad been controversial from its beginnings, and a significant segment of the general public in the United States was against the presence of U.S. armed forces in the region. Protests across the country in the latter half of the 1960s were part of organized opposition against U.S. military activities in Southeast Asia, as well as the military draft. In fact, President Richard M. Nixon had been elected in 1968 due in large part to his promise to end the Vietnam War. And, until April 1970, it appeared he was on the way to fulfilling that campaign promise, as military operations were seemingly winding down. <N> Donald Trump stands by his campaign rhetoric COLUMBUS, Ohio  Showing few signs of trying to ease the nations tense political atmosphere, Republican front-runner Donald Trump is standing by his antagonistic campaign rhetoric, rejecting any responsibility for violence at his rallies and defending his supporters who have been charged with assaulting protesters. Were not provoking. We want peace. . . . We dont want trouble, he told a large crowd in Bloomington, Illinois, the first of three comparatively docile events from Illinois to Florida as he campaigned ahead of another critical slate of large-state primaries. Trumps remarks came after a near-riot Friday night in Chicago as Trump canceled a scheduled rally amid widespread altercations among his supporters, detractors and authorities. His three-state tour also came less than 48 hours before polls open in a five-state slate that could determine whether he wins the GOP nomination without a contested summer convention. Against that backdrop, Trump continued to blame protesters, media and even Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders for the increasingly caustic campaign environment that his rivals assailed as cause for pause and certain to do damage to America. Interrupted only sparingly at his events throughout the day, Trump assured his backers their frustration is righteous rage against a corrupt political and economic system. He cast his naysayers as bad people that do harm to the country. Though by the end of the night, he seemed to miss the commotion. In Boca Raton, where he spoke in an outdoor amphitheater on a balmy Florida night, he asked, 20 minutes into his speech, Do we have a protester anywhere? Do we have a disrupter? Trump has tried to shift focus to Ohio, where he faces a late push from the popular governor, John Kasich. The outcome will help determine whether Trump can reach the 1,237 delegates required for nomination and avoid a contested GOP convention this summer in Cleveland. If we can win Ohio, were going to run the table, folks, Trump said in West Chester, Ohio, his second event Sunday. Kasich will campaign in Ohio on Monday with 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney, and 2008 vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin will campaign separately for Trump on Monday in Florida. Besides Ohio, Illinois and Florida, voters in North Carolina and Missouri will cast primary ballots Tuesday. Trump this weekend called Kasich a baby saying hes not tough enough to be president. He went on to incorrectly identify the governor as KASE-itch, deliberately mispronouncing his rivals Czech surname. Like, most people dont even know how to pronounce his name. Kase-ick! Kase-ick! Trump mocked. Kasich, meanwhile, reversed his monthslong practice of avoiding the topic of Trump. Speaking with The Associated Press aboard his campaign bus between stops in Ohio, Kasich brandished his iPad and read a list of Trump quotes compiled by an aide. The quotes included Trumps comments that his audiences should hit back a little more and a statement that hed like to punch a protester in the face. Said Kasich: Its really cause for pause. Later Sunday, Kasich told a crowd in Hanoverton, Ohio, without mentioning Trump: Do we go to the dark side, with negativity, the gnashing of teeth . . . or do we go to the hopeful and the light side? Not to be outdone, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Trumps closest competitor in delegate count, and third-place Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, also piled on. Cruz was careful to criticize protesters for their methods, but he said Trump encourages an essentially un-American atmosphere. Im troubled by the rallies that Donald holds, where he asks all the people there to raise their hand and pledge their support to him, Cruz said on NBCs Meet the Press. This is America. We dont pledge allegiance to a man, he said. We pledge allegiance to a flag. A distant third in delegates, Rubio compared Trump to third-world strong men and said the tone of the campaign is really going to do damage to America. Rubio has gone so far as to say his supporters in Ohio should vote for Kasich to help derail Trump. Kasich has not returned the favor. In Columbus, Ohio, Cruz argued that Republican voters are wasting their time with either Kasich or Rubio. Its mathematically impossible for either one of them to win 1,237 delegates, he said, referring to Kasich and Rubio. Kasich has yet to win a single state, while Rubio has won two primaries: Minnesota and Puerto Rico. Despite Sundays relative calm, Trumps events unquestionably have become increasingly tense over the course of his campaign, and the candidate has frequently called for aggressive tactics against protesters. He confirmed earlier Sunday that he was considering paying the legal fees of a North Carolina man charged with assault after video captured him sucker-punching a protester at a March 9 rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina. He began this weekend blaming protesters on Sanders, saying the Vermont senators campaign organizes disrupters at Trump events. Indeed, some protesters at Trump events are seen carrying Sanders campaign signs, but Sanders said Sunday on CBS Face the Nation that its a lie to suggest our campaign is telling people to disrupt his campaign. Trump wrote on Twitter and suggested again on the Sunday talk show circuit he would urge his backers to protest Sanders rallies. Sanders official Twitter account retorted: Send them. They deserve to see what a real honest politician sounds like. Trump counters that hes due credit for canceling the Friday rally and avoiding a worse outcome. And despite multiple videos showing protesters pushed, punched and bullied at his events, he claimed nobody gets hurt at his rallies. BY BILL BARROW AND THOMAS BEAUMONT, Associated Press Barrow reported from Atlanta. Associated Press reporters Alan Scher Zagier in Illinois, Kathleen Ronayne in Ohio and Sergio Bustos and Jill Colvin in Florida contributed. <N> Donald Trump is facing growing criticism for repeated incidents of violence at his campaign events. On the eve of the Republican frontrunners scheduled rally in Chicago, Trump has come under increased scrutiny, after an attack on a non-violent protester led to criminal charges against a Trump supporter and Michelle Fields, a reporter for conservative website Breitbart, was allegedly assaulted by Corey Lewandowski, Trumps campaign manager. Millions of ordinary Americans support Donald Trump. Here's why | Thomas Frank Read more Trumps campaign events have long been magnets for protesters who disapprove of the Republican frontrunners hardline stance on immigration and support for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. But while protesters are not uncommon at political events, Trumps rallies are the only ones that have seen a rash of violent incidents in response to them. On stage at events, Trump has encouraged this violence at times. On one occasion, he even pledged to pay legal fees for those who roughed up protesters. Knock the crap out of him, would you? Seriously, OK, just knock the hell. I promise you I will pay for the legal fees, I promise, I promise, Trump said in a rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, in February. He also urged security at a January rally in Vermont to confiscate protesters coats before booting them out into the winter night. However, Trump has also urged supporters dont hurt em on other occasions as protesters have been escorted out. Each Trump rally now begins with a taped warning telling supporters: If a protester starts demonstrating in the area around you, please do not touch or harm the protester. At Thursdays Republican debate, Trump defended himself from accusations that he had promoted violence at his events. We have some protesters who are bad dudes, they have done bad things, said the Republican frontrunner. They are swinging, they are really dangerous and they get in there and they start hitting people. And we had a couple big, strong, powerful guys doing damage to people, not only the loudness, the loudness I dont mind. But doing serious damage. And if theyve got to be taken out, to be honest, I mean, we have to run something. Despite Trumps claims, the protesters have invariably been non-violent and the list of incidents in which they have been hurt is growing. Going back to November, when a Black Lives Matter protester at a Trump rally in Alabama was punched and kicked, demonstrators have faced increasing violence at the Republican frontrunners campaign events. The first criminal charges resulting from an incident were filed this week after a 78-year-old Trump supporter, John McGraw, allegedly punched a protester at a rally who was being escorted out by police. McGraw, who has been charged with assault, later told a cameraman from Inside Edition he enjoyed knocking the hell out of that big mouth. He added that the protester, who was flipping off the crowd, deserved it. The next time we see him, we might have to kill him. We dont know who he is. He might be with a terrorist organization. Andy Dean, a Trump surrogate and former contestant on his reality show The Apprentice, praised McGraw in an appearance on CNN on Thursday. He noted that Trump could not control the septuagenarian supporters actions and at that age, it looks like good exercise. This view was echoed by Omarosa Manigault, a fellow Trump surrogate and former contestant on The Apprentice, who excused the violence in a television appearance on Thursday night. You have a right to get into a closed, private event, and you get whats coming to you, Manigault said. I do not condone violence, but if you go into an environment where youre interrupting 13, 14 times, do you expect a hug or kumbaya? But the violence has not just been limited to protesters. At least two journalists have now experienced violent incidents at Trump events. In February, Chris Morris, an acclaimed photographer for Time Magazine, was body-slammed by a secret service agent at a Trump event as he attempted to photograph protesters. In a statement to the Guardian about that incident, a spokesman for the secret service said: The matter involving an encounter between a member of the Secret Service and a member of the media is under review and we therefore cannot comment further. Most recently, Fields, a reporter for conservative website Breitbart, was allegedly assaulted by Trumps campaign manager. In a scrum after Trumps Tuesday night press conference in Florida, Fields attempted to ask Trump a question about affirmative action. Both Fields and another eyewitness state that Lewandowski forcibly grabbed her by the arm, so hard that he left bruises, and yanked her down to the ground. This account is backed up by audio obtained by the Guardian. Fields has since filed a criminal complaint against Lewandowski in Jupiter, Florida. Police there said on Friday that they were investigating an alleged battery and the investigation is ongoing. A report would be issued today, they said. Trump, Lewandowski and the Trump campaign denied the incident ever took place, the campaign calling it entirely false, and repeating the claim on Friday. Lewandowski has tweeted that Fields is delusional, citing a blogpost from a fringe website to attack her credibility. Trump himself told reporters on Thursday night I think she made it up and insisted the secret service had said nothing happened. The secret service declined to comment on either the incident or Trumps statement. The incident with Fields may also endanger Trumps standing with conservative media. Breitbart has been notoriously friendly to the Trump campaign to the point that detractors on the right label it Trumpbart. In a statement, Breitbarts CEO and publisher, Larry Solov, said: We are disappointed in the campaigns response, in particular their effort to demean Michelles previous reporting. Michelle Fields is an intrepid reporter who has covered tough and dangerous stories. We stand behind her reporting, her techniques, and call again on Corey Lewandowski to apologize. The rash of violence comes just before Trumps scheduled rally in Chicago. Large-scale protests are anticipated in the majority minority city and activists there are already taking precautions to avoid potential attacks from supporters of the Republican frontrunner. <N> Will Trump protests help or hurt? Inside story on Chicago rally Anti-Donald Trump protesters and his supporters confront during a Trump rally at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago on Friday. AFP/Getty Images When the Donald Trump campaign rented the University of Illinois at Chicago Pavilion for a rally Friday night, it was planting Trump in hostile territory, politically speaking. UIC is located in the heart of lefty Democratic Chicago. Its student population is a majority-minority mix of Hispanics, Asians and African Americans  a lot of the folks Trump regulary insults, some of whom he would like to deport. And the school welcomes undocumented students. Trump, the Republican frontrunner, ended up cancelling the rally when skirmishes broke out between his supporters and protesters. This latest twist to an already-chaotic primary season raises two questions, one for Trump, the other for Bernie Sanders. Its clear that protests now will be a part of the theater of Trump rallies. So will this only swell the support Trump has? And will Trump blaming Sanders for igniting the skirmishes boost turnout for Sanders and hurt Hillary Clinton? Well know more by Tuesday night. With Illinois and four other states voting Tuesday, the spotlight Saturday once again was on Trump  who blamed the melee mainly on Sanders, and then threw in Hillary Clinton in a tweet. By evening, appearing in Kansas City, Mo., Trump was taunting protesters at a rally there, saying, Were you put in here by Bernie? Sanders said he had nothing to do with inciting the protests at a Chicago news conference, later adding that Trump was a pathological liar. The issue now is that Donald Trump has got to be loud and clear and tell his supporters that violence at rallies is not what America is about and to end it, Sanders said. Clinton, appearing in St. Louis, said Trumps own scorched comments led to the melees. You play with matches, youre going to start a fire you cant control, the Democratic hopeful said. Thats not leadership. Thats political arson. On the GOP side, John Kasich said Trump has created a toxic environment. Marco Rubio said, We all need to take a step back. Ted Cruz blamed Trump for an environment that only encourages this sort of nasty discourse. On Sunday, Trump returns to Illinois, touching down for an event in Bloomington at an airport, the Synergy Flight Center. THE BACKSTORY What is accurate to say about the would-be Trump rally: It was not an official UIC event. The Trump campaign only rented the hall. The contract was signed on March 10 by Trump campaign manager Corey Lewondowski. The campaign agreed to pay $10,000 in rent, plus $12,343 for staffing and building costs, an estimated $25,000 for the UIC police and $2,000 for an ambulance, plus any other costs. A Sanders-allied group helped organize the protest. Anyone could have registered to get a ticket. And it seemed a pretty obvious idea to protest inside the hall as well as outside. Its been well known that protests were increasing at Trump rallies and that Trump was pushing back hard. He was asked about it at the March 10 Republican debate in Miami by CNNs Jake Tapper: Do you believe that youve done anything to create a tone where this kind of violence would be encouraged? Tapper read back to Trump a litany of his quotes, including on Feb. 1 Trumps suggestion that someone should knock the crap out of a protester. Trumps answer: We have some protesters who are bad dudes. They have done bad things. UIC students started a petition drive on MoveOn.org asking UIC not to be a host to hate. Once that picked up steam, the group helped organize a protest outside the event. Getting inside was the next logical step. It wasnt hard. The Trump campaign registers people to attend its rallies on Eventbrite.com and asks only for routine information  name, address and cell number. While Sanders does not have a super PAC helping him, there are other Democratic allied groups who are organizing on his behalf, including the progressive MoveOn.org, which has endorsed Sanders. Ilya Sheyman, the executive director of MoveOn.org  who in 2012 ran for Congress from the north suburban 10th Congressional District, losing his Democratic primary bid  said, We helped student leaders by printing signs and recruiting MoveOn members to attend the student-led protest. But lets be clear about one thing: The protest Friday night was a direct result of the violence that has occurred at Trump rallies and that has been repeatedly encouraged by Trump himself from the stage. There is only one person to blame for the chaotic and often violent nature of Trump rallies: Donald J. Trump. In Kansas City on Saturday night, Trump taunted back: Move-On-Dot-Org  third-rate organization. They finally think they have some power. FACT CHECK Trump bragged at that speech that we had 25,000 people at the Chicago event that was cancelled. The Pavilion holds only about 9,000. The contract between UIC and the Trump campaign said the expected attendance was 8,000. So far, Trump has been impervious to fact-checking  and to any suggestions he soften his racially tinged rhetoric. BOTTOM LINE Both Sanders and Trump supporters can be energized by these protests. The issue is far more immediate for Trump, who could all but clinch the nomination on Tuesday if he wins Florida and Ohio. There were reports Saturday that both Kasich and Rubio would not commit to backing Trump if he ends up the nominee. Whats key now is if more Republicans make that call. <N> BLOOMINGTON, Ill.  Showing few signs of trying to ease the nations tense political atmosphere, Republican front-runner Donald Trump is standing by his antagonistic campaign rhetoric, rejecting any responsibility for violence at his rallies and defending his supporters who have been charged with assaulting protesters. Were not provoking. We want peace.  We dont want trouble, he told a large crowd in Bloomington, Illinois, the first of two comparatively docile events Sunday as he campaigns ahead of another critical slate of large-state primaries. Trumps remarks come after a near-riot Friday night in Chicago as Trump canceled a scheduled rally amid widespread altercations among his supporters, detractors and authorities. His three-state schedule, which ended Sunday evening in Florida, also comes less than 48 hours before polls open in a five-state slate that could determine whether he wins the GOP nomination without a contested summer convention. Against that backdrop, Trump continued to blame protesters, media and even Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders for the increasingly caustic campaign environment that his rivals assailed as cause for pause and certain to do damage to America. Interrupted only sparingly in Illinois, Trump assured his backers their frustration is righteous rage against a corrupt political and economic system. He cast his naysayers as bad people that do harm to the country. Hes tried since Chicago to shift focus to Ohio, where he faces a late push from the popular governor, John Kasich. The outcome will help determine whether Trump can reach the 1,237 delegates required for nomination and avoid a contested GOP convention this summer in Cleveland. If we can win Ohio, were going to run the table, folks, Trump said in West Chester, Ohio, his second event Sunday. At an earlier stop this weekend, Trump aimed directly at Kasich, calling him a baby and deliberately mispronouncing the governors Czech surname. Hes not the right guy to be president. Hes not tough enough, hes not sharp enough, Trump said at an event outside Dayton. In line with his protectionist economic pitch, Trump noted Kasichs support for the North American Free Trade Agreement as a member of Congress in the 1990s. He went on to incorrectly identify the governor as KASE-itch. Like, most people dont even know how to pronounce his name. Kase-ick! Kase-ick! Trump mocked. He cannot do the job, folks. Hes not your president. Kasich, meanwhile, reversed his months-long practice of avoiding the topic of Trump. Speaking with The Associated Press aboard his campaign bus between stops in Ohio, Kasich brandished his iPad and read a list of Trump quotes compiled by an aide. The quotes included Trumps comments that his audiences should hit back a little more and a statement that hed like to punch a protester in the face. In all, he read roughly a dozen quotes. I never really had looked through those quotes, he said. Its really cause for pause. Kasich says the toxic tone Trump has created makes it even more important for him to win Ohio, adding of Trump, This is not what Ohio goes for. Later Sunday, Kasich told a crowd in Hanoverton, Ohio, without mentioning Trump: Do we go to the dark side, with negativity, the gnashing of teeth, the division of people? Or do we go to the hopeful and the light side? Trumps events unquestionably have become increasingly tense over the course of his campaign, and the candidate has frequently called for aggressive tactics against protesters. Besides the quotes Kasich noted, Trump often declares the country must toughen up, and suggested one man who was physically assaulted at a November rally deserved the treatment. He confirmed earlier Sunday that he was considering paying the legal fee of a North Carolina man charged with assault after video captured him sucker-punching a protester at a March 9 rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina. He began this weekend blaming protesters on Sanders, saying the Vermont senators campaign organizes disrupters at Trump events. Indeed, some protesters at Trump events are seen carrying Sanders campaign signs, but Sanders scoffed Sunday at the notion that hes responsible. To suggest that our campaign is telling people to disrupt his campaign is a lie, Sanders said Sunday on CBS Face the Nation. Trump wrote on Twitter and suggested again on the Sunday talk show circuit he would urge his backers to protest Sanders rallies. Sanders official Twitter account retorted: Send them. They deserve to see what a real honest politician sounds like. Sanders said on CNN that Trump is a man who keeps implying violence, and then you end up getting what you see. Trump counters that hes due credit for canceling the Friday rally and avoiding a worse outcome. Still, he claimed incorrectly that nobody gets hurt at his rallies, despite multiple videos showing protesters pushed, punched and bullied at his events. The remaining Republican hopefuls piled on Trump, as well. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Trumps closest competitor in delegate count, was careful to criticize protesters for their methods but said Trump encourages an essentially un-American atmosphere. Im troubled by the rallies that Donald holds, where he asks all the people there to raise their hand and pledge their support to him, Cruz said on NBCs Meet the Press, continuing, This is America. We dont pledge allegiance to a man. We pledge allegiance to a flag. A distant third in delegates, Marco Rubio compared Trump to Third-World strong men and said the tone of the campaign is really going to do damage to America. The Florida senator has gone so far as to say his supporters in Ohio should vote for Kasich to help derail Trump. Kasich has not returned the favor. <N> What we now know from the full video, particularly starting at around 28:00 in this video, is that the crowd was taking their cues from Trump  who repeatedly barked, "get them out of here" without giving anyone in particular a clue as to who he expected to do such a thing. So flippant in his directive, it appears that attendees simply began taking it upon themselves to manhandle protesters and force them out of the rally. Apparently wanting to have the feeling that they were doing what their Supreme Leader told them to do, everybody began to chip in. A random teenage boy shoved the young girl to one side until she is pushed again by someone else. A man wearing a military hat repeatedly shoved and yelled at her as well. <N> Claim: A total of 351 mass shootings took place in the U.S. during the first 334 days of 2015. MIXTURE Example: [Collected via Twitter, November 2015] Origins: On 2 December 2015, several publications reporting on a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, included a stat from the web site ShootingTracker.com about the number of mass shootings that had taken place in the U.S. so far in the calendar year 2015: The Post found that there had been 351 shootings in the 334 days of 2015. Wednesdays incident in California marks the 352nd mass shooting in the nation. For comparison, 2014 saw 336 mass shootings in the United States, according to the Mass Shooting Tracker, which the Post used in its report. Wednesdays shooting at the Inland Regional Center also comes just one day after the facility held its annual holiday party. The claim that there were 351 mass shootings in the first 334 days of 2015 hinges on the definition of mass shooting. While it might seem like a simple task to define mass shooting, there really is no agreed upon definition. A 2013 congressional research service report defined a mass shooting as an incident involving four or more gun related deaths: There is no broadly agreed-to, specific conceptualization of this issue, so this report uses its own definition for public mass shootings. These are incidents occurring in relatively public places, involving four or more deaths  not including the shooter(s)  and gunmen who select victims somewhat indiscriminately. The violence in these cases is not a means to an endthe gunmen do not pursue criminal profit or kill in the name of terrorist ideologies, for example. A 2014 study on mass shootings used the same criterion (four or more deaths), and the FBI employed the same standard in 2005 to define mass murder. ShootingTracker.com, however, is based upon a different definition of mass shooting, one that (in keeping with the literal meaning of shooting) is based upon the total number of people shot (i.e., wounded or killed by gunfire) in a single incident rather than solely the number of victims killed: The old FBI definition of Mass Murder (not even the most recent one) is four or more people murdered in one event. It is only logical that a Mass Shooting is four or more people shot in one event. Here at the Mass Shooting Tracker, we count the number of people shot rather than the number people killed because, shooting means people shot. Brock Weller, one of the people responsible for maintaining the crowdsourced web site ShootingTracker.com, elaborated on the reason to use four people shot instead of four people killed as the primary criterion for defining an event as a mass shooting: The goal is to stop minimizing these acts of violence, Weller explains. The sites authors point to a 2012 shooting in which one person was killed and 18 people were wounded at a nightclub. Because only one person died, it was not considered a mass shooting. This June, 10 people were shot at a block party on a basketball court in Detroit; the next day, 11 were wounded when two people opened fire with a shotgun at a block party in West Philadelphia. Neither were widely referred to as mass shootings. Arguing that 18 people shot during one event is not a mass shooting is absurd, the Trackers founders write. Medical advancements have helped save lives that would have otherwise been lost, a fact Weller believes the gun lobby benefits from. Those gunshot victims are still just as shot and will never be the same, he says. ShootingTracker.coms definition of a mass shooting isnt wrong (as we noted previously, there is no universal criterion for what defines a mass shooting), but it may be misunderstood, as many people interpret the term mass shooting to mean an incident that results in multiple deaths. It should also be noted that GunViolenceArchive.org, another web site that tracks shootings across the United States, arrived at a slightly lower number of mass shootings, 310, over the same time period. Mark Bryant, the executive director of GVA, explained that discrepancy comes from two factors: GVA relies on a dedicated staff of 14 researchers instead of crowd sourcing, and they employ a slightly different definition for mass shootings: First, we do not rely on crowdsourcing which causes misreads and duplication. We have a staff of 14 researchers which go through 1500 media, police, coroner and aggregate sites every day. We put eyeballs on each incident to determine its qualifications, not just number. Second, we have a slightly different counting. We use the derived FBI definition of Four or more shot and/or killed, not including the shooter at the same general time and location. From that we logically separate the victims from the perpetrator. Mass Shooting Tracker includes the perp as a victim when they are shot or killed. [Image Via GunViolenceArchive.org] Last updated: 4 December 2015 Originally published: 2 December 2015 <N> A gunman fired into the crowd at an outdoor concert Sunday night along the Las Vegas strip, killing at least 50 people and wounding 400 others, Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo said Monday morning. It is being considered the deadliest mass shooting in modern history. The June 2016 shooting at Orlandos Pulse nightclub left 49 people dead. Heres what we know so far  Around 10:10 p.m. local time on Sunday, as country music artist Jason Aldean was performing at the Route 91 Harvest Festival, a gunman began to fire from the 32nd floor of the nearby Mandalay Bay Hotel onto the crowd of more than 22,000 below. The shooter has been identified as 64-year-old Stephen Paddock of Mesquite  a town just outside Las Vegas. Police have not yet identified a motive, but they dont believe he is affiliated with any militant groups. Fifty people  including several police officers  have died so far from the attack. The Clark County Fire Department estimated around 406 people were taken to local hospitals. President Trump in a news conference called the shooting an act of pure evil and praised first responders for their true professionalism. Hes scheduled to visit Las Vegas on Wednesday. READ MORE REUTERS/Las Vegas Sun/Steve Marcus <N> WASHINGTON  In the 14 years since Al Qaeda carried out attacks on New York and the Pentagon, extremists have regularly executed smaller lethal assaults in the United States, explaining their motives in online manifestoes or social media rants. But the breakdown of extremist ideologies behind those attacks may come as a surprise. Since Sept. 11, 2001, nearly twice as many people have been killed by white supremacists, antigovernment fanatics and other non-Muslim extremists than by radical Muslims: 48 have been killed by extremists who are not Muslim, including the recent mass killing in Charleston, S.C., compared with 26 by self-proclaimed jihadists, according to a count by New America, a Washington research center. The slaying of nine African-Americans in a Charleston church last week, with an avowed white supremacist charged with their murders, was a particularly savage case. But it is only the latest in a string of lethal attacks by people espousing racial hatred, hostility to government and theories such as those of the sovereign citizen movement, which denies the legitimacy of most statutory law. The assaults have taken the lives of police officers, members of racial or religious minorities and random civilians. <N> Story highlights Peter Bergen, David Sterman: Man killed three at Jewish centers in Kansas Suspect shouted "Heil Hitler;" if it had been "Allahu Akbar" media would cover it more, they say Since 9/11, right wing extremists have killed more in U.S. than those motivated by al Qaeda Writers: Given this, why do we not give more national security attention to right wing attacks? On Sunday, a man shot and killed a 14-year-old boy and his grandfather at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and then drove to a nearby Jewish retirement community where he shot and killed a third person. Police arrested a suspect, Frazier Glenn Cross, who shouted "Heil Hitler" after he was taken into custody. Cross, who also goes by Frazier Glenn Miller, is a well-known right wing extremist who founded the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and the White Patriot Party, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. Now let's do the thought experiment in which instead of shouting "Heil Hitler" after he was arrested, the suspect had shouted "Allahu Akbar." Only two days before the first anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings, this simple switch of words would surely have greatly increased the extent and type of coverage the incident received. Yet the death toll in the shootings in Kansas is similar to that of last year's Boston Marathon bombings, where three people were killed and the suspects later killed a police officer as they tried to evade capture. (Many more, of course, were also wounded in the Boston attacks; 16 men, women and children lost limbs.) Peter Bergen In fact, since 9/11 extremists affiliated with a variety of far-right wing ideologies, including white supremacists, anti-abortion extremists and anti-government militants, have killed more people in the United States than have extremists motivated by al Qaeda's ideology. According to a count by the New America Foundation, right wing extremists have killed 34 people in the United States for political reasons since 9/11. (The total includes the latest shootings in Kansas, which are being classified as a hate crime ). By contrast, terrorists motivated by al Qaeda's ideology have killed 21 people in the United States since 9/11. (Although a variety of left wing militants and environmental extremists have carried out violent attacks for political reasons against property and individuals since 9/11, none have been linked to a lethal attack, according to research by the New America Foundation.) Moreover, since 9/11 none of the more than 200 individuals indicted or convicted in the United States of some act of jihadist terrorism have acquired or used chemical or biological weapons or their precursor materials, while 13 individuals motivated by right wing extremist ideology, one individual motivated by left-wing extremist ideology, and two with idiosyncratic beliefs, used or acquired such weapons or their precursors. A similar attack to the one that Frazier Glenn Cross is accused of in Kansas occurred in August 2012 when Wade Michael Page killed six people in a shooting at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin. Page was a member of a white supremacist band and associated with the Hammerskins, a white supremacist group. Page committed suicide during the attack. Page is not, of course, the only right wing extremist to have used lethal violence to achieve political ends. In 2009, for instance, Shawna Forde, Albert Gaxiola, and Jason Bush raided a house in Arizona, killing Raul Flores and his daughter Brisenia. The three attackers sought to use the burglary to finance their anti-immigration vigilante group, Minutemen American Defense. Forde and Bush were convicted and sentenced to death . Gaxiola was sentenced to life in prison. Also in 2009, Scott Roeder murdered Dr. George Tiller, who ran an abortion clinic in Wichita, Kansas. In 2010 Roeder was convicted of first-degree murder . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, Roeder not only had ties to the extreme anti-abortion movement, but he also had been pulled over while driving with a fake license plate bearing the markings of the Sovereign Citizens, a movement of individuals who deny that the government has authority over them. Of course, the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil prior to 9/11 was the Oklahoma City bombing, which was masterminded by Timothy McVeigh, a man with deep ties to far-right militant circles. McVeigh killed 168 people when he bombed the Alfred P. Murrah federal building on April 19, 1995. JUST WATCHED Kansas shooting victim loved to sing Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kansas shooting victim loved to sing 02:15 JUST WATCHED Expert: Suspect hated by supremacists Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Expert: Suspect hated by supremacists 03:08 JUST WATCHED Son of shooting victim speaks to CNN Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Son of shooting victim speaks to CNN 02:31 Despite this history of deadly violence by individuals motivated by political ideologies other than al Qaeda, it is jihadist violence that continues to dominate the news and the attention of policy makers. Some of this is quite understandable. After all, on 9/11 al Qaeda's 19 terrorists killed almost 3,000 people in the space of a morning. Since then al Qaeda's branch in Yemen tried to bring down with a bomb secreted on a passenger an American commercial jet flying over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 and al Qaeda's branch in Pakistan tried to launch bombings on the New York subway system a few months earlier. Luckily those plots didn't succeed, but certainly if they had the death toll would have been on a large scale. Yet the disparity in media coverage between even failed jihadist terrorist attacks and this latest incident in Kansas is emblematic of a flawed division in the public's mind between killing that is purportedly committed in the name of Allah and killing that is committed for other political ends, such as neo-Nazi beliefs about the need to kill Jews. Part of the reason for this disconnect might be that when a Department of Homeland Security report warning of violent right wing extremism was leaked in 2009, it generated a substantial political controversy. In a 2011 interview with the Southern Poverty Law Center, Daryl Johnson, the leader of the team that produced the report, argued that following the controversy, DHS's examination of such threats suffered, stating "Since our report was leaked, DHS has not released a single report of its own on this topic. Not anything dealing with non-Islamic domestic extremismwhether it's anti-abortion extremists, white supremacists, 'sovereign citizens,' eco-terrorists, the whole gamut." The threat from al Qaeda and its associated forces has changed significantly since 9/11. Today, almost 13 years after 9/11, al Qaeda has not successfully conducted another attack inside the United States. And since 2011, no individual charged with plotting to conduct an al Qaeda-inspired terrorist attack inside the United States has acted with more than one accomplice. This demonstrates the difficulties today of forming a jihadist group sufficiently large enough to conduct a complex attack anything on the scale of 9/11, and is a tribute to the success of law enforcement agencies in detecting and deterring jihadist terrorist activity. Today in the United States, al Qaeda-type terrorism is the province of individuals with no real connection to foreign terrorists, aside from reading their propaganda online. Given this, it becomes harder to explain, in terms of American national security, why violence by homegrown right wing extremists receives substantially less attention than does violence by homegrown jihadist militants. Tyler Hite contributed research support for this article. <N> Before events at the school At some point before he went to the school, investigators believe Adam Lanza, 20, killed his mother, Nancy Lanza. He grabbed three guns from the house -- a semi-automatic AR-15 assault rifle made by Bushmaster and pistols made by Glock and Sig Sauer -- and went to the elementary school wearing black fatigues and a military vest, according to a law enforcement official. Classes were under way at the school. Approximately 700 students were present. Earlier this year, the school principal, Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung, ordered a new security system installed that required visitors to be visibly identified and buzzed in. As part of the security system, the school locked its doors each day at 9:30 a.m. The door was locked when the gunman arrived. Authorities now know the gunman used "an assault weapon" to "literally (shoot) an entrance into the building," Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said. <N> Since the very first wish in 1980, Disney and Make-A-Wish together have granted more than 120,000 life-changing wishes for children with critical illnesses. For more than 37 years, weve seen how a wish can play a critical role in a childs treatment, replacing fear with confidence, sadness with joy and anxiety with hope. Wishes matter so deeply to us and to the children and the families around the world who experience them. This holiday season, millions of fans around the world helped us celebrate their support by Sharing their Ears. Once again, Disney Parks invited fans to share the joy and Share Your Ears to help Make-A-Wish grant even more wishes for children fighting critical illnesses. This heartfelt and engaging campaign helped guests unlock $5 donations from Disney to Make-A-Wish  up to $1 million  through fun and simple consumer activation. Due to the overwhelming response and amazing support, Disney doubled the donation to $2 million to grant even more wishes to transform lives! Thanks to you, $2 million will help grant even more awe-inspiring wishes this year! We appreciate Disney and all of our supporters for participating in this years campaign to transform the lives of wish kids, their families and communities around the world! <N> In the summer of 2015, as he vaulted to the lead among the many GOP candidates for president, Donald Trump was the only one dogged by questions about his true intentions. This most famous American businessman had played the role of provocateur so often that pundits, reporters, and voters struggled to believe that he was a serious contender. Trump stirred so much controversy that his candidacy puzzled anyone who applied ordinary political logic to the race. But as Michael D'Antonio shows in Never Enough, Trump has rarely been ordinary in his pursuit of success and his trademark method is based on a logic that begins with his firm belief that he is a singular and superior human being. As revealed in this landmark biography, Donald Trump is a man whose appetite for wealth, attention, power, and conquest is practically insatiable. Declaring that he is still the person he was as a rascally little boy, Trump confesses that he avoids reflecting on himself "because I might not like what I see" and he believes "most people aren't worthy of respect." A product of the media age and the Me Generation that emerged in the 1970s, Trump was a Broadway showman before he became a developer. Mentored by the scoundrel attorney Roy Cohn, Trump was a regular on the New York club scene and won press attention as a dashing young mogul before he had built his first major project. He leveraged his father's enormous fortune and political connections to get his business off the ground, and soon developed a larger-than-life persona. In time, and through many setbacks, he made himself into a living symbol of extravagance and achievement. Drawing upon extensive and exclusive interviews with Trump and many of his family members, including all his adult children, D'Antonio presents the full story of a truly American icon, from his beginnings as a businessman to his stormy romantic life and his pursuit of power in its many forms. For all those who wonder: Just who is Donald Trump?, Never Enough supplies the answer. He is a promoter, builder, performer and politician who pursues success with a drive that borders on obsession and yet, has given him, almost everything he ever wanted. <N> When Mr. Trumps high school classmates showed up for a Columbus Day parade in New York City, expecting to lead the procession, they were dismayed to find a group of Roman Catholic girls arranged ahead of them. Mr. Trump announced that he would take care of the problem. When he returned a few minutes later, having negotiated a Trump-like deal, the cadets were put at the front of the parade, Mr. Dobias said. Mr. Trump, he said, just wanted to be first, in everything, and he wanted people to know he was first. St. Martins Press provided an advance copy of the book to The New York Times, and Mr. DAntonio provided excerpts from his interviews with Mr. Trump. (The author interviewed Mr. Trump for more than six hours. The sessions abruptly ended, he wrote, after Mr. Trump learned that Mr. DAntonio had spoken with a longtime Trump enemy.) The biography offers candid and sometimes unflattering assessments of Mr. Trump by co-workers, friends, enemies and, most entertainingly, his former wives. The little boy that still wants attention, said Marla Maples, his second wife. He wants to be noticed, said Ivana Trump, wife No. 1, who recalled sending him into a fit of rage by skiing past him on a hill in Aspen, Colo. Mr. Trump stopped, took off his skis and walked off the trail. He could not take it, that I could do something better than he did, she said. Asked if she had ever figured out her ex-husband, Ivana Trump said, Yeah, I figured it out. But then she added, Well, I really dont know. <N> "I believe movies should be entertaining," says Samuel L. Jackson, the actor whose films collectively have grossed more money than any other actor's in history  some $7.42 billion  as we sit down to tape an episode of the 'Awards Chatter' podcast. "If you want to learn something, watch a doc. I go to the movies to escape. That's what I did when I was a kid. I went to the movies to forget who I was and to experience something that I didn't normally experience." (You can play and read the conversation below or by clicking here you can download it and past episodes on iTunes  recent guests include Will Smith, Amy Schumer, Eddie Redmayne, Brie Larson, Ridley Scott, Kate Winslet, Seth Rogen, Jason Segel, Ian McKellen, Sarah Silverman, Michael Moore, Olivia Wilde, Benicio Del Toro and Dan Rather.) Jackson, who turned 67 last week, has, in many respects, traveled a remarkably far distance from his childhood in the segregated South  while, in other respects, it appears to be as central to his worldview today as it ever was. Indeed, the actor can now be seen in two movies, directed by the two filmmakers with whom he's collaborated most frequently in his career, that center largely around racial tensions: The Hateful Eight, a Western set in the aftermath of the Civil War that was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, with whom he previously made Pulp Fiction (1994), Jackie Brown (1997), Kill Bill: Vol. 2 (2004), Inglourious Basterds (2009) and Django Unchained (2012); and Chi-Raq, a musical-dramedy about gang violence in present-day Chicago that was co-written and directed by Spike Lee, with whom he previously made School Daze (1988), Do the Right Thing (1989), Mo' Better Blues (1990), Jungle Fever (1991) and Oldboy (2013). When offers from Tarantino or Lee come along, it's an automatic "yes" from Jackson. But what of all the rest that he's made? "There are times that I choose a movie because it's something I would have gone to see when I was a kid," he says  think Shaft (2000), Snakes on a Plane (2006), the second Star Wars trilogy (1999, 2002 and 2005) and the Marvel movies (he's seven into a nine-movie contract). "Sometimes I choose a film because I want to work with a specific director," he continues. "But generally, more than anything else, it's about the story." Jackson's own story is rather remarkable. Born and raised in Tennessee, he was brought up by his grandparents and his aunt while his mother worked in Washington, D.C. He suffered from a debilitating stutter  "I actually didn't talk in school for over a year," he recalls  which caused him to turn inward, as a voracious reader, before his aunt, a performing arts teacher, began enlisting him in performances that she had organized, which led him to a surprising discovery: "I liked applause," he says with a laugh. As much as he liked acting, though, he wanted to get beyond the experiences he had known and see the larger world that he had long read about  so he signed up for the Merchant Marines. "I had this dream of being the black Jacques Cousteau," he confesses, but his mother caught wind of his plans and squashed them, insisting instead that he continue his education. At Morehouse College in Atlanta, Jackson led several lives: actor (his favorite classes were in acting and public speaking), activist (he joined the Black Power movement and served as an usher at MLK's funeral), athlete (he was a champion swimmer) and, in his words, "street thug." For a while, his activism threatened everything else in his life  in 1969, the FBI warned his mother that if he didn't get out of Atlanta they could not guarantee his safety, so she forced him to relocate to Los Angeles, where he worked as a social worker. (It didn't even occur to him to pursue acting at that time: "Theater was more exciting to me and more accessible to me than moviedom," he says.) But, he says, when he eventually returned to Morehouse, "Acting became the thing that I fell in love with the most." Actually, not quite  what he really fell in love with the most was LaTanya Richardson Jackson, a fellow performer and activist whom he began seeing and eventually married in 1980. Together, they joined and started a variety of theater groups. "We were preparing ourselves  getting all of the experiences that we needed  to go into New York and jump into the big actor pool," he says. It worked: when they arrived in the Big Apple in 1976, she landed a role in the first touring company of For Colored Girls and he began getting work, too  at the Public Theatre, at the Negro Ensemble Company (for which he originated a role in A Soldier's Play, which won a Pulitzer Prize) and at Yale Rep (originating roles in several August Wilson plays), among other places. In New York, Jackson befriended many other up-and-coming actors  among them Denzel Washington, Wesley Snipes and Morgan Freeman  but refused to follow them to L.A. until he was "called for." He would occasionally play small roles in films or TV shows shot on the east coast, and spent a year as Bill Cosby's stand-in on The Cosby Show ("I walked around the house with the sweater on"), but a move was out of the question until he knew he was wanted. New York-based Lee, who had seen Jackson in A Soldier's Play, told him he wanted to work together. Lee didn't offer Jackson a part in his directorial debut, She's Gotta Have It (1986), but from then on, Jackson says, "Every summer I did a Spike Lee job and the jobs got bigger and bigger." Lee hired him for only a day's work on School Daze; then cast him in a colorful supporting part in Do the Right Thing; and then gave him the role of his lifetime to that point, as Gator, the crack addict, in Jungle Fever. Jackson got the offer while "in rehab recovering from my cocaine, alcohol, whatever, everything addiction," which ended up being great preparation. Ultimately, the Cannes Film Festival created a one-off best supporting actor award to recognize Jackson's performance, which the New York Film Critics Circle also awarded their corresponding prize. Finally, Jackson got his call to come out to L.A., to do Roger Donaldson's White Sands (1992). Around the same time, he crossed paths for the first time with Quentin Tarantino  in a less than positive way. Jackson went in for an audition for Reservoir Dogs, Tarantino's directorial debut, and was supposed to read with Tim Roth and Harvey Keitel; instead, two jokesters he'd never seen before read opposite him, causing him to underperform himself. He didn't get the part and realized only months later, after watching the finished film at the Sundance Film Festival, that the readers had been Tarantino and his producer Lawrence Bender. At Sundance, Jackson congratulated Tarantino, who told him he planned to send him a script, which ultimately proved to be Pulp Fiction. (Jackson notes that the part originally had been offered to and turned down by Laurence Fishburne, and that before starring in Pulp he appeared in True Romance, a film Tarantino wrote but did not direct.) Pulp Fiction  with its unforgettable monologues ("Ezekiel 25:17" and "Royale with cheese" are fan favorites)  made Jackson, at 46, a movie star and an Oscar nominee. The latter development was something he took with a grain of salt, having felt burned three years earlier with Jungle Fever. "When the Oscar nominations came out that year," he says, "I didn't get nominated, but there was like three people from Bugsy, so my wife and I said, 'Well, let's go see Bugsy.' And we're sitting there, and at the end of it we're like, 'Really? Really?' And she actually cried about it. And I think that was the thing that kind of broke us about the whole Academy Awards milieu and whatever it is." He continues, "When I did get nominated, bullshit started immediately. All of a sudden there were these phone calls going, 'We're gonna [push] John for best actor and you for best supporting actor because we can't have both of you in the same category. I'm like, 'Okay, whatever that means.' Then, all of a sudden, I start going to these things and people start telling me, 'You were amazing in that movie and I'd really like to vote for you, but [Ed Wood's] Martin Landau's been nominated, like, four times, and this might be the last time he has a chance.' I say, 'Oh, so it's an age thing?' And they go, 'What?' And I go, 'Well, Morgan Freeman's old, too. Is he gonna win?' And they go, 'What?!' I was already cynical about it at that point, so the more things I went to that I didn't win, the more I got it. Martin Landau was winning, and then Raul Julia [a nominee in actor in a miniseries or TV movie category, in which Jackson also was a nominee for Against the Wall] died so it was kinda like, 'Oh, shit, that's it for the Golden Globe  hang that up.' " He adds with a chuckle, "I think I might be the only person that's ever reacted honestly [at the Oscars] when my name wasn't called. Even though you know you're not gonna win, you're sitting there and you're saying to yourself, 'Maybe they're gonna get it right this time  just maybe they'll get it right this time.' And they didn't. And I didn't think about the camera  I just went, 'Aw, shit!' " (He can't help but add: "Still only 13 people have seen fuckin' Ed Wood!") Jackson has learned that the reward is not in any accolades given by others, but in the material, which, from Tarantino, has continued to come to him regularly over the 20-plus years since. "I don't know anybody else that does that better," the actor says of his partner. A Tarantino set, he says, is unlike any other  filled with great actors who always bring their A-game to first-rate material, which they take time to rehearse and then get to perform in a collegial way. "It's a party atmosphere," Jackson says. "Unbelievably so." Working with Tarantino always means courting controversy  about big screen depictions of gun violence, the use of the N-word and the treatment of women  which Jackson doesn't shy away from. He welcomed the opportunity to play "the most hateful Negro in cinematic history" in Django Unchained, saying, "If I'm the bad guy, I want to piss you off. I want you to go home and want to kill me." However, he emphasizes that he rejects the notion that seeing or hearing things on the big screen actually leads people to do or say them in the real world  "C'mon," he shouts, "You gotta have common sense. It's entertainment!" The N-word discussion, in particular, gets under his skin, because it's being employed in art and, in his belief, the race of the artist shouldn't matter. "It's bullshit," he emphasizes, asking, "What word do they want him to use?" He continues, "How do you describe me in a Tarantino movie if there are rednecks?" He emphasizes that Lee and others use the N-word countless times in their films, so why shouldn't Tarantino, who is not black but possesses a "black consciousness," having been raised on blaxploitation movies by the neighbor downstairs with whom his mother left him when she went to work? Most pertinently, Jackson feels, is the fact that Tarantino always casts him as intelligent characters  usually the smartest guy in the room  so it's not like he's unwittingly the butt of a joke. Jackson's character in The Hateful Eight is one such example  spoiler alert: He plays Major Marquis Warren, a Union Army vet-turned-bounty hunter who carries with him a letter from President Abraham Lincoln that may or may not be authentic (in either case, Jackson notes, it's pretty impressive that it came to be at all) and who uses his smarts and verbal abilities to endure for as long as possible through a snowstorm that leaves him inside a stagecoach and then a mountain pass with people who may wish to kill him. Despite the omnipresence of snow and cold (the film was shot in Telluride, Colorado), "It's a Western," Jackson notes. "I've been waiting to do one forever." Jackson is troubled by the state of things in the real world, which he has some theories about. "We've been kind of shielded from what the rest of the world's been dealing with," he muses. "I remember the first time I left the country  in 1980 I went to London  I knew a little bit about the Irish and the English and what was happening, and then something blew up around the corner from where I was, and I was kind of like, 'Woah, what was that?' And they say, 'Oh, Irish terrorists.' It was the first time I'd heard the word 'terrorists.' 'Oh, what do you mean?' And then I started seeing signs in the tube  'Don't pick up untended packages.' That was the first, 'If you see something, say something.' So I started thinking about it." He continues, "And then I looked around at the world and I was kind of like, 'Okay, that's the Catholics and the Protestants  that's sort of the Crusades.' And then I started looking at the rest of it and said, 'Oh, they're still doing that over there, too.' Now it's the Protestants and the Muslims. 'They're still doing that?' So we're still fighting the Crusades. How many thousands of years has this been going on? But we weren't in it  Americans weren't in it. We had our race stuff going on, then we had the anti-[Vietnam] War movement and we had all this other stuff, but we still weren't in that religious fight, you know? We were progressing  we were making advances here, making advances there, you got your cell phone, you got your computer  and then all of a sudden, it's like [swoosh sound]! This thing connected us to a whole bunch of shit that we had nothing to do with for a long time. All of a sudden, Bush and those guys put us in that fight. And as soon as we drew blood in that war, we became part of something that's been going on for thousands of years. It's like, 'Well, you killed my cousin Akhbar,' duh-duh-duh, and it's like, 'Oh, shit.' So we'll never be out of it now because people hold on to grudges in that kind of way  we're the Hatfields and the McCoys in the world. So that's happened." Transitioning to the conflict between white cops and black youth  a subject that recently got Tarantino in hot water  he says, "In the sixties or whatever, guys went to Vietnam, and they came home and people hated them; they were 'baby killers' or whatever, and a lot of them became cops 'cause that was the job  'Oh, you have ex-military service? You can become one of the boys in blue.' And because they were so vilified by everybody outside, they formed this 'blue wall' that's now still a part of what that is, but now it's kids coming back from Iraq and Afghanistan, and now they've identified PTSD  but that's not one of the tests they give for people who put on the uniform. So, consequently, you've got people out there who are used to looking at people as 'the enemy' 'cause that's what it was  people were trying to kill them every day. It was like, 'Oh, my God'  you see a guy, the guy jumps up, 'Hold it!' And young black men are threatening, you know, and it just happens. So all these things snowball and snowball." He hastens to add, "Now, not every cop in the world is guilty of that  there's good cops and there's bad cops; there's guys who, you know, misuse their authority, and there are guys who watch 'em do it who want to do something but they can't because they've gotta be part of that blue wall. And until we get somebody policing from the inside out, those things that happen from outside to us are gonna continue to happen. There's nothing we can do about it, even if they're wearing body-cams and we can see 'em. That's why every day you can look online and see somebody else getting shot, you can see somebody else getting killed  not just black people." Jackson says he empathizes with innocent Muslim-Americans who have fallen under the veil of suspicion because a few other people who share their religion have committed atrocities against their countrymen: "When that thing happened in France, we were sitting there going, 'Oh, my God, these terrorists!' And I can't even tell you how much that day the thing that happened in San Bernardino  I was in Hawaii  how much I really wanted that to just be another, you know, crazy white dude, and not really some Muslims, because it's like: 'Oh, shit. It's here. And it's here in another kind of way.' Now, okay, it happened on an Army base and it happened somewhere else. But now? It's like they have a legitimate reason now to look at your Muslim neighbor, friend, whatever in another way. And they become the new young black men." So how does he reconcile this attitude with the fact that the heavy favorite for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 is his occasional golfing buddy Donald Trump? He grants that Trump is running on "hate" but adds, "There's absolutely nothing I can do. There are some other people that aren't as open about what he's saying that are running also, you know, that are just as crazy, that have just as much ill-will toward the common man  and not just the common black man. People who don't have a certain amount of money don't mean anything to them." He's already made up his mind about his own vote in 2016: "I'm forever a Democrat, you know, and I'm gonna vote for Hillary. I mean, I love Bernie  Bernie's a man of the people  but he can't win. So I gotta cast my vote for a person that can keep those other people from winning, okay? Not to mention, you know, Hillary kinda knows the job, she can hit the ground running. She didn't have a huge learning-curve like Barack [Obama] had or some other people had. And hopefully she can open up the skeletal files of those do-nothing assholes that go to work, like, four times a year and not vote on things [an apparent reference to Sen. Marco Rubio and other elected officials with poor attendance records] and threaten them with whatever she and Bill [Clinton] uncovered on them years ago and make 'em do something and we can get something done." As for himself, he has no plans of stopping, even having reached an age at which many of his contemporaries are retiring. "I grew up in a house of people where, when I woke up every day, everybody was going to work, and I thought that's what grown people did, and that's what they do. And they didn't even have jobs they liked! I got a job I love, you know? Painters get up and paint. Writers get up and write. If [all] actors could get up and go somewhere every day and act, I guarantee you they'd be the happiest people in the world. And I am." The Hateful Eight was released by The Weinstein Co. in select theaters on Dec. 25 and will expand nationwide on Jan. 1. Awards voters are being asked to consider the film for best picture and Jackson for best actor. <N> If youre shopping online for great holiday deals, at least one popular gift may get a little harder to find. Amazon recently pulled a number of high-profile hoverboard brands from its online store following reports of the electric scooters bursting into flames. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (USCPSC) is looking into at least 10 reports of the devices overheating and causing fires, according to numerous reports like this one from NBC News. The USCPSC isnt naming names, so its unclear which brands are to blame for the issue. The general belief is that cheaper models, especially no-name brands from China, are the problem. Bigger (and more expensive) names may be a safer bet. Amazon isnt taking any chances, however, and is only selling a select number of hoverboards at this writing, including brands such as Hover X, Jetson, and Sharper Image. The rest are being asked to provide documentation proving their products comply with various safety standards for batteries and chargers, hoverboard maker Swagway recently told The Verge. Airlines are also getting into the anti-hoverboard action. Alaskan, American, British Airways, Delta, Hawaiian, Jet Blue, Spirit, United, and Virgin America are all forbidding hoverboards on their aircraft. The ban includes carry-on and checked luggage. A family in Louisiana also blamed a house fire on a new hoverboard. Delta recently said in a statement it believes the lithium-ion batteries powering the hoveboards are to blame. The airline said manufacturers are inconsistent when it comes to proper labeling for the size and power of the batteries. Delta also said many hoverboards have batteries that exceed the 160 watt hour size, which is the maximum allowed onboard a plane. The impact on you at home: If you were thinking about snagging a hoverboard as a gift this season it might be wise to make other plans. Product review sites like Best Reviews and the Wirecutter are advising people not to buy these devices until the safety concerns are cleared up. Until then, a good ol skateboard is probably be a better choice just remember to get a helmet too. <N> Hoverboards are this seasons must-have gift. But you may want to think twice before you gift-wrap one and slide it under the Christmas tree. It turns out the electronic self-balancing scooters are not just figuratively hot. Several consumers have reported that their hoverboards have suddenly burst into flames. The Consumer Product Safety Commission is investigating the hoverboard-related fires across the United States, including testing new and fire-damaged boards. Every consumer who is riding a hoverboard, who purchased one to give as a gift during the holidays, or who is thinking about buying one deserves to know if there is a safety defect, Elliot Kaye, chairman of the CPSC, said in a statement. One probable cause is overheating by the boards lithium ion batteries. Faulty cables, plugs and chargers may also create a fire risk. Hoverboards have been banned by Americas biggest airlines, including American, Delta, Southwest and United, because of fire concerns. The United States Postal Service also announced that boards with lithium batteries could no longer be shipped by air. Effective immediately and until further notice, USPS will ship hoverboards using only Standard Post/Parcel Select. This product travels on ground transportation, due to the potential safety hazards of lithium batteries. Amazon briefly yanked nearly all its hoverboard listings citing fire concerns, but many of the boards are now back on sale, CBS reports. Amazon and other retailers are now demanding  and touting  that the hoverboards they sell have Underwriters Laboratories-approved battery chargers, yanking some but keeping many models available during the height of the Christmas shopping season, CBS said. Amazon recently sent emails to many of its U.K. customers who purchased hoverboards, notifying them that their boards plugs dont meet safety standards and urging them to throw out or recycle the boards, CNN Money reports. Amazon promised those customers a full refund. We regret the inconvenience this may cause you but trust you will understand that your safety and satisfaction is our highest priority, Amazon explained in the email. Though some hoverboards have the UL mark on the board or the items box, the certification may not refer to the board, but to the battery charger. We have certified many varieties of battery chargers, John Drengenberg, an electrical engineer and ULs consumer safety director, told CBS. That in no way says anything about a hoverboard being approved. Yikes. As a parent, Id be really hesitant to give my child a hoverboard, especially knowing the potential dangers associated with it. What do you think of hoverboards? Have you tried one yet? Share your comments below or on our Facebook page. This article was originally published on MoneyTalksNews.com as 'Caution: This Years Hottest Gift May Burst Into Flames'. More from Money Talks News <N> 21113.  A person shall not drive a vehicle or animal, or stop, park, or leave standing a vehicle or animal, whether attended or unattended, upon the driveways, paths, parking facilities, or the grounds of any public school, state university, state college, unit of the state park system, county park, municipal airport, rapid transit district, transit development board, transit district, public transportation agency, county transportation commission created pursuant to Section 130050 of the Public Utilities Code, joint powers agency operating or managing a commuter rail system, or any property under the direct control of the legislative body of a municipality, or a state, county, or hospital district institution or building, or an educational institution exempted, in whole or in part, from taxation, or any harbor improvement district or harbor district formed pursuant to Part 2 (commencing with Section 5800) or Part 3 (commencing with Section 6000) of Division 8 of the Harbors and Navigation Code, a district organized pursuant to Part 3 (commencing with Section 27000) of Division 16 of the Streets and Highways Code, or state grounds served by the Department of the California Highway Patrol, or any property under the possession or control of a housing authority formed pursuant to Article 2 (commencing with Section 34240) of Chapter 1 of Part 2 of Division 24 of the Health and Safety Code, except with the permission of, and upon and subject to any condition or regulation that may be imposed by, the legislative body of the municipality, or the governing board or officer of the public school, state university, state college, county park, municipal airport, rapid transit district, transit development board, transit district, public transportation agency, county transportation commission, joint powers agency operating or managing a commuter rail system, or state, county, or hospital district institution or building, or educational institution, or harbor district, or a district organized pursuant to Part 3 (commencing with Section 27000) of Division 16 of the Streets and Highways Code, or housing authority, or the Director of Parks and Recreation regarding units of the state park system or the state agency with jurisdiction over the grounds served by the Department of the California Highway Patrol. (b) A governing board, legislative body, or officer shall erect or place appropriate signs giving notice of any special conditions or regulations that are imposed under this section and the governing board, legislative body, or officer shall also prepare and keep available at the principal administrative office of the governing board, legislative body, or officer, for examination by all interested persons, a written statement of all those special conditions and regulations adopted pursuant to this section. (c) When a governing board, legislative body, or officer permits public traffic upon the driveways, paths, parking facilities, or grounds under their control then, except for those conditions imposed or regulations enacted by the governing board, legislative body, or officer applicable to the traffic, all the provisions of this code relating to traffic upon the highways shall be applicable to the traffic upon the driveways, paths, parking facilities, or grounds. (d) A public transportation agency that imposes any condition or regulation upon a person who parks or leaves standing a vehicle, pursuant to subdivision , is authorized to do either of the following: (1) Enforce that condition or regulation in the manner provided in Article 3 (commencing with Section 40200) of Chapter 1 of Division 17 of this code. The public transportation agency shall be considered the issuing agency for that purpose. (2) Designate regularly employed and salaried employees, who are engaged in directing traffic or enforcing parking laws and regulations, for the purpose of removing any vehicle in the same manner as a city, county, or jurisdiction of a state agency pursuant to Chapter 10 (commencing with Section 22650) of Division 11 of this code. (e) With respect to the permitted use of vehicles or animals on property under the direct control of the legislative body of a municipality, no change in the use of vehicles or animals on the property, that had been permitted on January 1, 1976, shall be effective unless and until the legislative body, at a meeting open to the general public, determines that the use of vehicles or animals on the property should be prohibited or regulated. (f) A transit development board may adopt ordinances, rules, or regulations to restrict, or specify the conditions for, the use of bicycles, motorized bicycles, skateboards, electrically motorized boards, and roller skates on property under the control of, or any portion of property used by, the board. (g) A public agency, including, but not limited to, the Regents of the University of California and the Trustees of the California State University, may adopt rules or regulations to restrict, or specify the conditions for, the use of bicycles, motorized bicycles, skateboards, electrically motorized boards, and roller skates on public property under the jurisdiction of that agency. (h) Housing authority, for the purposes of this section, means a housing authority located within a county with a population of over 6,000,000 people, and any other housing authority that complies with the requirements of this section. (i) Public transportation agency, for purposes of this section, means a public agency that provides public transportation as defined in paragraph (1) of subdivision (f) of Section 1 of Article XIX A of the California Constitution. <N> Illegal in NYC. Yesterday we published an article declaring that your "hoverboard" is illegal in NYC. The 26th Precinct of the NYPD tweeted out this fact on Monday, referencing the NYC Admin. Code 19-176.2*. That code, we discovered, actually seemed to declare that hoverboards were legal. This caused some confusion, but we turned to the NYC Dept. of Transportation, who confirmed with us that these self-propelling devices were in fact illegal in New York City. They referenced NY State Law, which declares "hoverboards" to be a motor vehicle that you cannot register. When it comes to new technology, we enter a window of time that is confusing for everyone. Most likely not every NYPD officer knows that "hoverboards" are illegal, and they certainly don't know why, as we saw with that since-deleted tweet. So until the language of the law specifically states that "hoverboards" are illegal, knowledge and enforcement of that law is likely to be lacking. For the legal take on this so far, we turned to attorney Gideon Orion Oliver: Hoverboards are illegal in NYC, but they aren't illegal because of this code. Your "hoverboard" is illegal, but it's not illegal under the code the NYPD is referencing. As you correctly pointed out, motorized scooters as defined by New York City Administrative Code 19-176.2 must have handlebars. "So there is simply no way a hoverboard that has no handlebars could fall within this provisions legitimate sweep." Also, "electric powered devices not capable of exceeding fifteen miles per hour" or "electric personal assistive mobility devices" defined as self-balancing, two non-tandem wheeled devices designed to transport one person by means of an electric propulsion system are categorically excluded from the motorized scooter class of vehicles. So, even a hoverboard with handlebars incapable of exceeding 15 miles per hour could not be prohibited as a motorized scooter. Although its great the NYPD precinct deleted the tweet you reported about, if there was a directive for NYPD officers to go out and write summonses to or make collars of hoverboard operators citing NYCAC 19-176.2 either at or beyond the precinct level, that wont do much good. Any ticket or other legal process issued to a person for operating a hoverboard that is NOT within the sweep of NYCAC 19-176.2, for violating NYCAC 19-176.2, is legally insufficient and should be dismissed, either by the courts screening processes in the summons courts or by the Assistant District Attorneys in the local prosecutors offices who see cases where police have written up cases recommending NYCAC 19-176.2 violations for accused hoverboard operators. Emphasis on the should be. That frequently does not happen. I would encourage people who are detained in connection with hoverboard operation to do what every other person who is detained by the police should do: Ask if they are free to leave and if so, leave, and if not, state that they wish to remain silent and to consult with an attorney, and that they do not consent to any search. This afternoon, I called NYS Department of Motor Vehicles (NYSDMV) and spoke with someone from its Technical Assistance Unit to understand NYSDMVs position about whether hoverboards can be registered or not. NYSDMVs position is that these vehicles are likely Electric personal assist mobility devices. NYS Vehicle and Traffic Law 114-d defines Electric personal assist mobility device as Every self-balancing, two non-tandem wheeled device designed to transport one person by means of an electric propulsion system with an average output of not more than seven hundred fifty watts (one horsepower), and the maximum speed of which on a paved level surface, when propelled solely by its electric propulsion system while ridden by an operator weighing one hundred seventy pounds, is less than twelve and one-half miles per hour. NYS VTL 125 generally defines motor vehicles as "Every vehicle operated or driven upon a public highway which is propelled by any power other than muscular power. However, VTL 125 specifically excludes some classes of vehicles from the definition of motor vehicles. Under VTL 126(a-1), electrical personal assistive mobility devices operated outside a city with a population of one million or more are not considered motor vehicles. However, in NYC, because the city population is greater than one million, NYSDMV considers hoverboards that meet the definition of electric personal assist mobility devices the same as motor vehicles. Based on that interpretation, it would be illegal to operate a hoverboard in NYC without a valid license to drive a motor vehicle. Beyond that, the motor vehicle would need to be registered by NYSDMV (which NYSDMV will not do), inspected, insured, and otherwise treated as, and subject to regulation like, any other motor vehicle. A person who operates a hoverboard in NYC (or any other NYS city with a population greater than a million) would be subject to arrest and prosecution for myriad NYS VTL violations, including, but not limited to, driving a motor vehicle without valid registration or insurance. It's possible that one day Big Hoverboard will lobby against these laws, and things will change, but currently the NYPD has a right to ticket you for riding your "hoverboard." Oliver points out that maybe this should not be the case, however"I cant imagine we want a City where the NYPD is ticketing and/or arresting people for VTL violations and crimes for 'hoverboard' operationsthe City needs a better enforcement strategy and ultimately a real regulatory scheme that makes sense. And in the meantime, the NYPDs enforcement actions, if any, targeting 'hoverboard' operators must be fair and even-handedunlike, for example, the NYPDs selective enforcement of NYCAC 19-176 prohibitions (against bicycling on the sidewalk)." The NYSDMV jargon currently makes hoverboards illegal just about everywhereyou can buy them, you can have them, but you cannot operate them. This includes on NYC sidewalks, streets, and parks... but you probably won't have any run-ins with the law if you use them in a private space for boy band dance practice. *Updated note: In 2013 the City Council revised NYCAC 19-176.2(a) to omit everything in that subsection after "for use by disabled persons." but the fact remains that because these devices do not have handlebars NYCAC 19-176.2 cannot apply to them. <N> What we had in mind was the short-distance commuter, said Kristin Olsen, the California assembly member who sponsored the measure, adding that the law can be amended by municipalities and private property owners who want to restrict use of hoverboards. Riding one of these in Santa Monica is going to be different than in Modesto, she said. But the biggest beneficiaries of the new law are likely to be people like Madison Hirsch, a 14-year-old sophomore at Tamalpais High School here. She saw a friend riding a hoverboard over the summer and wanted one desperately, but her parents refused to buy her a $750 one she coveted from Future Foot. So she used money saved from birthdays and Hanukkah to buy one, and since September she has been riding it around town and at her school. One woman scolded her for riding it at the mall, demanding she get off and walk. I didnt, Madison said. I can ride faster than she can chase me. This month, the police department at the University of California, Los Angeles, said hoverboards would not be allowed on walkways and in hallways after pedestrians complained about collisions. In London, the authorities recently reminded residents that the boards are banned from public streets and roadways because they are dangerous. The new California law mandates that hoverboard users on bikeways be at least 15 and wear the same gear required when riding a bike. At Stevenson School in Pebble Beach, students recently received an email reminding them of the rules. If they see you without a helmet, they will take your hoverboard away, said Joseph Cohen, 15, a sophomore. <N> Better scratch "hoverboards" off your wish list this year if you live in New York City. The motorized self-balancing scooters are illegal, according to the New York City Police Department and the New York State Department of Motor Vehicles. The gadgets are considered "electric personal assistive mobility devices." "They are not considered motor vehicles so they cannot be registered," a DMV spokeswoman told CNNMoney. "According to state law, a first violation shall result in no fine. A second or subsequent violation shall result in a civil fine not to exceed $50." Hoverboards like the one Marty McFly used in "Back to the Future II" aren't real of course. They're just the name people have given to two-wheeled, self-balancing scooters that look like they are little more than boards with wheels. A debate about their legality kicked off on Wednesday after the 26th Police Precinct in Harlem deleted a tweet that said "the electric #hoverboard is illegal." This led to a lot of confusion. The NYPD confirmed to CNNMoney that it considered them illegal in the city. But the department did not respond to followup questions about if or how the law would be enforced. Self-balancing scooters have become extremely popular over the past year. They are No. 1 on Amazon's Best Sellers list on the site's Sports and Outdoors section. There are hundreds of models on sale ranging from about $200 to $2,000. Celebrities like Wiz Khalifa and Lily Allen have been spotted using them too. But as more people start riding them around on sidewalks and city streets, police and local authorities have had to define how they should be regulated -- and they don't always agree. Just last month, British authorities declared them illegal to ride in public because they're considered vehicles, and vehicles can't be driven on sidewalks. <N> Ned Stafford Transformed child psychiatry by advocating research into developmental problems Early in his medical career, in the mid-1950s, Leon Eisenberg became fascinated with the childhood mind. Wanting to know more, he broke free from the shackles of the Freudian psychoanalytic dogma that dominated child psychiatry at the time to conduct groundbreaking biologically based research of childhood developmental problems. This research included the first randomised clinical drug trials in child psychiatry. I think what Leon brought to the field was a different way of thinkingthinking out of the box, said David DeMaso, chairman of psychiatry at Boston Childrens Hospital and professor of psychiatry and pediatrics at Harvard Medical School. He was thinking in terms of biology, of evidence based treatment, way before anybody else. His was a bio-psycho-social model at a time when psychoanalytical thinking was the norm. Eisenbergs direct involvement as a child psychiatry researcher was over by 1967, when he moved to Harvard Medical School as chief of psychiatry at Massachusetts General Hospital. But in a dozen years he had helped transform the discipline. Beginning in 1952 at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Eisenberg began a fellowship under Leo Kanner, the  <N> Jerome Kagan can look back on a brilliant career as a researcher in psychology. Still, when he contemplates his field today, he is overcome with melancholy and unease. He compares it with a wonderful antique wooden chest: Once, as a student, he had taken it upon himself to restore the chest with his colleagues. He took one of its drawers home himself and spent his entire professional life whittling, shaping and sanding it. Finally, he wanted to return the drawer to the chest, only to realize that the piece of furniture had rotted in the meantime. If anyone has the professional expertise and moral authority to compare psychology to a rotten piece of furniture, it is Kagan. A ranking of the 100 most eminent psychologists of the 20th century published by a group of US academics in 2002 put Kagan in 22nd place, even above Carl Jung (23rd), the founder of analytical psychology, and Ivan Pavlov (24th), who discovered the reflex bearing his name. Kagan has been studying developmental psychology at Harvard University for his entire professional career. He has spent decades observing how babies and small children grow, measuring them, testing their reactions and, later, once they've learned to speak, questioning them over and over again. For him, the major questions are: How does personality emerge? What traits are we born with, and which ones develop over time? What determines whether someone will be happy or mentally ill over the course of his or her life? In his research, Kagan has determined that how we are shaped in our early childhood is not as irreversible as has long been assumed. He says that even children who suffer from massive privations in the first months of life can develop normally as long as they are later raised in a more favorable environment. Likewise, he has studied how people become human in a certain programmatic way in the second year of life: Their vocabulary suddenly grows in leaps and bounds, and they develop a sense of empathy, a moral sensibility and an awareness of the self. But Kagan's most significant contribution to developmental research has come through his examination of innate temperaments. As early as four months old, he has found, some 20 percent of all babies already have skittish reactions to new situations, objects and individuals. He calls these babies "high reactives" and says they tend to develop into anxious children and adults. Forty percent of babies, or what he calls the "low reactives," behave in the opposite manner: They are relaxed, easy to care for and curious. In later life, they are also not so easily ruffled. Kagan could have reacted to his finding in a "low-reactive" way by kicking back and letting subsequent generations of researchers marvel at his findings. Instead, he has attacked his own profession in his recently published book "Psychology's Ghost: The Crisis in the Profession and the Way Back." In it, he warns that this crisis has had disastrous consequences for millions of people who have been incorrectly diagnosed as suffering from mental illness. Professor Kagan, you've been studying the development of children for more than 50 years. During this period, has their mental health gotten better or worse? Kagan: Let's say it has changed. Particularly in poorer families, among immigrants and minorities, mental health issues have increased. Objectively speaking, adolescents in these groups have more opportunities today than they did 50 years ago, but they are still anxious and frustrated because inequality in society has increased. The number of diagnosed cases of attention-deficit disorders and depression has increased among the poor SPIEGEL: you could also say skyrocketed. In the 1960s, mental disorders were virtually unknown among children. Today, official sources claim that one child in eight in the United States is mentally ill. Kagan: That's true, but it is primarily due to fuzzy diagnostic practices. Let's go back 50 years. We have a 7-year-old child who is bored in school and disrupts classes. Back then, he was called lazy. Today, he is said to suffer from ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder). That's why the numbers have soared. SPIEGEL: Experts speak of 5.4 million American children who display the symptoms typical of ADHD. Are you saying that this mental disorder is just an invention? Kagan: That's correct; it is an invention. Every child who's not doing well in school is sent to see a pediatrician, and the pediatrician says: "It's ADHD; here's Ritalin." In fact, 90 percent of these 5.4 million kids don't have an abnormal dopamine metabolism. The problem is, if a drug is available to doctors, they'll make the corresponding diagnosis. SPIEGEL: So the alleged health crisis among children is actually nothing but a bugaboo? Kagan: We could get philosophical and ask ourselves: "What does mental illness mean?" If you do interviews with children and adolescents aged 12 to 19, then 40 percent can be categorized as anxious or depressed. But if you take a closer look and ask how many of them are seriously impaired by this, the number shrinks to 8 percent. Describing every child who is depressed or anxious as being mentally ill is ridiculous. Adolescents are anxious, that's normal. They don't know what college to go to. Their boyfriend or girlfriend just stood them up. Being sad or anxious is just as much a part of life as anger or sexual frustration. SPIEGEL: What does it mean if millions of American children are wrongly being declared mentally ill? Kagan: Well, most of all, it means more money for the pharmaceutical industry and more money for psychiatrists and people doing research. SPIEGEL: And what does it mean for the children concerned? Kagan: For them, it is a sign that something is wrong with them -- and that can be debilitating. I'm not the only psychologist to say this. But we're up against an enormously powerful alliance: pharmaceutical companies that are making billions, and a profession that is self-interested. SPIEGEL: You once wrote that you yourself often suffered from inner restlessness as a child. If you were born again in the present era, would you belong to the 13 percent of all children who are said to be mentally ill? Kagan: Probably. When I was five, I started stuttering. But my mother said: "There's nothing wrong with you. Your mind is working faster than your tongue." And I thought: "Gee, that's great, I'm only stuttering because I'm so smart." SPIEGEL: In addition to ADHD, a second epidemic is rampant among children: depression. In 1987, one in 400 American adolescents was treated with anti-depressants; by 2002, it was already one on 40. Starting at what age is it possible to speak of depression in children? Kagan: That's not an easy question to answer. In adults, depression either implies a serious loss, a sense of guilt or a feeling that you are unable to achieve a goal that you really wanted to reach. Infants are obviously not yet capable of these emotions. But, after the age of three or four, a child can develop something like a feeling of guilt, and if it loses its mother at that age, it will be sad for a while. So, from then on, mild depression can occur. But the feeling of not being able to achieve a vital goal in life and seeing no alternative only starts becoming important from puberty on. And that is also the age at which the incidence of depression increases dramatically. SPIEGEL: The fact is that younger children are also increasingly being treated with antidepressants. Kagan: Yes, simply because the pills are available. SPIEGEL: So would you completely abolish the diagnosis of depression among children? Kagan: No, I wouldn't go as far as that. But if a mother sees a doctor with her young daughter and says the girl used to be much more cheerful, the doctor should first of all find out what the problem is. He should see the girl on her own, perhaps carry out a few tests before prescribing drugs (and) certainly order an EEG. From studies, we know that people with greater activity in the right frontal lobe respond poorly to antidepressants. <N> Keith Ellison, D-Minn., the first Muslim elected to the United States Congress, has announced that he will not take his oath of office on the Bible, but on the bible of Islam, the Koran. He should not be allowed to do so -- not because of any American hostility to the Koran, but because the act undermines American civilization. First, it is an act of hubris that perfectly exemplifies multiculturalist activism -- my culture trumps America's culture. What Ellison and his Muslim and leftist supporters are saying is that it is of no consequence what America holds as its holiest book; all that matters is what any individual holds to be his holiest book. Forgive me, but America should not give a hoot what Keith Ellison's favorite book is. Insofar as a member of Congress taking an oath to serve America and uphold its values is concerned, America is interested in only one book, the Bible. If you are incapable of taking an oath on that book, don't serve in Congress. In your personal life, we will fight for your right to prefer any other book. We will even fight for your right to publish cartoons mocking our Bible. But, Mr. Ellison, America, not you, decides on what book its public servants take their oath. Devotees of multiculturalism and political correctness who do not see how damaging to the fabric of American civilization it is to allow Ellison to choose his own book need only imagine a racist elected to Congress. Would they allow him to choose Hitler's "Mein Kampf," the Nazis' bible, for his oath? And if not, why not? On what grounds will those defending Ellison's right to choose his favorite book deny that same right to a racist who is elected to public office? So why are we allowing Keith Ellison to do what no other member of Congress has ever done -- choose his own most revered book for his oath? The answer is obvious -- Ellison is a Muslim. And whoever decides these matters, not to mention virtually every editorial page in America, is not going to offend a Muslim. In fact, many of these people argue it will be a good thing because Muslims around the world will see what an open society America is and how much Americans honor Muslims and the Koran. But these naive people do not appreciate that America will not change the attitude of a single American-hating Muslim by allowing Ellison to substitute the Koran for the Bible. In fact, the opposite is more likely: Ellison's doing so will embolden Islamic extremists and make new ones, as Islamists, rightly or wrongly, see the first sign of the realization of their greatest goal -- the Islamicization of America. When all elected officials take their oaths of office with their hands on the very same book, they all affirm that some unifying value system underlies American civilization. If Keith Ellison is allowed to change that, he will be doing more damage to the unity of America and to the value system that has formed this country than the terrorists of 9-11. It is hard to believe that this is the legacy most Muslim Americans want to bequeath to America. But if it is, it is not only Europe that is in trouble. <N> T Keith Ellison, D-Minn., the first Muslim elected to the United States Congress, has announced that he will not take his oath of office on the Bible, but on the bible of Islam, the Koran. He should not be allowed to do so  not because of any American hostility to the Koran, but because the act undermines American civilization. First, it is an act of hubris that perfectly exemplifies multiculturalist activism  my culture trumps Americas culture. What Ellison and his Muslim and leftist supporters are saying is that it is of no consequence what America holds as its holiest book; all that matters is what any individual holds to be his holiest book. Forgive me, but America should not give a hoot what Keith Ellisons favorite book is. Insofar as a member of Congress taking an oath to serve America and uphold its values is concerned, America is interested in only one book, the Bible. If you are incapable of taking an oath on that book, dont serve in Congress. In your personal life, we will fight for your right to prefer any other book. We will even fight for your right to publish cartoons mocking our Bible. But, Mr. Ellison, America, not you, decides on what book its public servants take their oath. he U.S. Constitution is a multiculturalist document. Not in all senses, of course: It tries to forge a common national culture as well as tolerating other cultures. But it is indeed multiculturalist in important ways. We shouldnt forget that when were tempted to categorically condemn supposedly multiculturalist changes to our constitutional practices.Consider what Dennis Prager  - whose work I often much like  wrote in his most recent column This argument both mistakes the purpose of the oath, and misunderstands the Constitution. In fact, it calls for the violation of some of the Constitutions multiculturalist provisions. To begin with, the oath is a religious ritual, both in its origins and its use by the devout today. The oath invokes God as a witness to ones promise, as a means of making the promise more weighty on the oathtakers conscience. This is why, for instance, the Federal Rules of Evidence, dealing with the related subject of the courtroom oath, state, Before testifying, every witness shall be required to declare that the witness will testify truthfully, by oath or affirmation administered in a form calculated to awaken the witness conscience and impress the witness mind with the duty to do so. If you want the oath to be maximally effective, then it is indeed entirely true that all that matters is what any individual holds to be his holiest book. That book is the one that will most impress the oathtakers mind with the duty to comply with the oath. Of course, some might care less about making the oath more effective, and more about using the oath to reinforce traditional American values, in which they include respect for the Bible (the only ... book America is interested in) over other holy books. That, I take it, is part of Pragers argument, especially when he goes on to say, When all elected officials take their oaths of office with their hands on the very same book, they all affirm that some unifying value system underlies American civilization. Yet this would literally violate the Constitutions provision that no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States. For the devout, taking an oath upon a religious book is a religious act. Requiring the performance of a religious act using the holy book of a particular religion is a religious test. If Congress were indeed to take the view that If you are incapable of taking an oath on that book [the Bible], dont serve in Congress, it would be imposing an unconstitutional religious test. Whats more, the Constitution itself expressly recognizes the oath as a religious act that some may have religious compunctions about performing. The religious-test clause is actually part of a longer sentence: The Senators and Representatives ... [and other state and federal officials] shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no religious Test shall ever be required .... The option of giving an affirmation rather than oath reflects the judgment  an early multiculturalist judgment  in favor of accommodating members of some denominations (such as Quakers) who read the Bible as generally prohibiting the swearing of oaths. The affirmation option was thus one tool to make sure that the law didnt exclude people of certain religious groups from office, but rather let them retain their religious culture while participating in American civic life. The religious-test clause was another tool. The Constitution itself  a pretty important part of the value system underl[ying] American civilization  expressly makes clear that elected officials need not take oaths of office with their hands on any book. So the Constitution thus already expressly authorizes people not to swear at all, but to affirm, without reference to God or to a sacred work. Atheists and agnostics are thus protected, as well as members of certain Christian groups. Why would Muslims and others not be equally protected from having to perform a religious ritual that expressly invokes a religion in which they do not believe? Under the Constitution, all of them are incapable of taking an oath on that book, whether because they are Quakers, atheists, agnostics, or Muslims. Yet all remain entirely free to serve in Congress. This leaves one milder form of Pragers argument: Ellison shouldnt have to swear on the Bible, but we dont have to offer him a Koran, since he could affirm instead and affirmations dont require any holy book. Thats not, I think, Pragers actual argument (which is that If you are incapable of taking an oath on that book [the Bible], dont serve in Congress and that all elected officials should take their oaths of office with their hands on the very same book ). But it might be a fallback. Yet this too strikes me as a misreading of the American constitutional system. Prager goes on to argue, Devotees of multiculturalism and political correctness who do not see how damaging to the fabric of American civilization it is to allow Ellison to choose his own book need only imagine a racist elected to Congress. Would they allow him to choose Hitlers Mein Kampf, the Nazis bible, for his oath? And if not, why not? On what grounds will those defending Ellisons right to choose his favorite book deny that same right to a racist who is elected to public office? But the Constitutions judgment is that accommodating religious pluralism (especially as to oaths) doesnt let my culture trump[] Americas culture. Rather, the legal culture created by the Constitution makes room for many religious cultures, and allows all their adherents to be equal citizens and equal officeholders. We see this in the Constitutions repeated recognition of affirmations as alternatives to oaths. We also see this in the free-exercise clause, which excludes no religion even though many denominations of that era saw rival denominations views, and especially the views of Catholics, as deeply wrong and even evil  perhaps not quite as evil as Mein Kampf (which isnt a religious book, and thus not really apposite to the oath debate) but in that general ballpark. The Supreme Court has long taken the view that the establishment clause and the free-exercise clause generally mandate equal treatment of people without regard to their religions; conservative justices, such as Scalia and Thomas, have agreed. Letting Christians swear the oath of office, while allowing members of other denominations only to swear what ends up being a mockery of an oath  a religious ceremony appealing to a religious belief system that they do not share  would be such discrimination. Nor have I seen any evidence that at the time of the framing, the religion clauses would have been interpreted in a way that differs from this consensus. And the text of the establishment clause suggests that the oath should be an oath not just of a federally establish[ed] religion (a religion given favored legal treatment by the government), but rather the oath that binds the particular officeholder to support this Constitution. Finally, Prager argues that for all of American history, Jews elected to public office have taken their oath on the Bible, even though they do not believe in the New Testament, and the many secular elected officials have not believed in the Old Testament either. I cant speak to the common practices of Jewish officeholders, but some quick searches reveal that Linda Lingle, the Governor of Hawaii, was sworn in on the Tanakh (more or less the Old Testament); for the reasons I just mentioned, others would have been free to do the same, or to affirm if they preferred. A Senate website reports that Presidents Franklin Pierce and Herbert Hoover (a Quaker) didnt swear at all, but rather affirmed. If a Bible was present (the site is silent on that), it wouldnt have been used as a swearing device. Nixon, also a Quaker, did swear, apparently on two Bibles. This didnt seem to help. Much folly has been urged in the name of multiculturalism. But this is no reason to dismiss the core notion that a nation should both create a common culture and leave people with the freedom to retain important aspects of other cultures  especially religious cultures. That notion is deeply American, and expressly enshrined in our Constitution. If it is political correctness, it is so only in the sense that its a political notion, and a correct one. It has served us well, even when dealing with religious groups that were once hated and seen as incompatible with American values, such as Catholics. We ought not blindly accept the legitimacy of other cultures beliefs. But the Constitution says that we cant demand complete surrender to our majority culture  especially its religious beliefs  either in personal life or in public life.  Eugene Volokh is Gary T. Schwartz Professor of Law at UCLA School of Law, and a coauthor of The Volokh Conspiracy blog. He thanks his UCLA colleague Stephen Bainbridge, who alerted him to this matter, and who has written more along these lines. <N> All contents copyright , Drive and Stay Alive, Inc., 2003 onwards, unless specified otherwise. All rights reserved. From one of our regular correspondents, at Drive and Stay Alive, Inc., we received the following photographs and brief report: The white bit, at the right-hand side of the hole in the side of the car, is the clue. The graphic display (below) was placed at the Stockholm Motorcycle Fair by the Swedish Police and Road Safety Department. The sign above the display noted that the rider had only recently obtained his license. Left (and bottom left) The Honda burst into the VW through the front passenger door. <<< Click to enlarge Right Roof-crush, resulting from the roll-over. If you imagine the roof still fully upright, you will get a much better idea of the roof damage caused by the rider's body. The Honda rider was traveling at such a "very high speed", his reaction time was not sufficient enough to avoid this accident. Swedish Police estimate a speed of ~250 KM/h (155mph) before the bike hit the side of the slow moving car at an intersection. At that speed, they predicted that the rider's reaction time (once the Volkswagen came into view) wasn't sufficient enough for him to even apply the brakes. The car had two occupants and the bike rider was found INSIDE the car with them, along with the motorcycle itself. Left (and top left) The Honda burst into the VW through the front passenger door. Right Damage to the driver's seat gives only some indication of the violence of the impact. Click to enlarge >>> The Volkswagen actually flipped over from the force of impact and landed 10 feet from where the collision took place. All three involved (two in the car, plus the rider) were killed instantly. At 250 KM (155 mph) the operator is traveling at 227 feet per second. With normal reaction time to SEE-DECIDE-REACT of 1.6 seconds the above operator would have traveled over 363 feet while making a decision on what actions to take. In this incident the Swedish police indicate that no [such] actions were taken. [ October, 2005: Our thanks to Alan Goodwin for sending us the above information and photos. Very minor text editing has been applied for clarity. ] <N> We're pleased to hear from our customers regarding their satisfaction with our website. Although your browser settings don't allow you to view the website survey we're conducting, please e-mail your comments. Monthly Statement of the Public Debt (MSPD) and Downloadable Files The downloadable files include the Summary page, the STRIPS information, and the Monthly Statement of the Public Debt (MSPD) in its entirety. Data is available on the fourth business day of each month. Select the time period below. For the years 1953-1996 only the MSPD in its entirety is available in PDF format. For the years 1869-1952, the copies or extracts of the MSPD are from the Treasury Library's collection. Treasury Library documents posted here are for reference only. Contact the Treasury Library at (202) 622-2000 or send an e-mail to _EMAIL_ for the official text version of the MSPD for these years. Starting with the month of November 2013, youll notice some changes to the MSPD. Youll find a greater level of detail for marketable Treasury securities than in previous publications of the MSPD, including additional issue information. Youll also find that were able to provide current month issued amounts as well as current month redeemed amounts for the majority of our nonmarketable Treasury securities. These are just a few of the changes, so take a look, and enjoy our new and improved MSPD! Note: To read or print a PDF document, you need the Adobe Acrobat Reader (v5.0 or higher) software installed on your computer. You can download the Adobe Acrobat Reader from the Adobe website. Some of the files are large and may take a few minutes to load. If you need help downloading... Current Year 2018 Historical Information <N> The Debt to the Penny and Who Holds It ( Debt Held by the Public vs. Intragovernmental Holdings ) Current Debt Held by the Public Intragovernmental Holdings Total Public Debt Outstanding 07/18/2018 15,512,748,584,872.01 5,728,115,197,216.94 21,240,863,782,088.95 See information on the Debt Subject to the Limit. Daily History Search Application To find the total public debt outstanding on a specific day or days, simply select a single date or date range and click on the 'Find History' button. The data on total public debt outstanding is available daily from 01/04/1993 through 07/18/2018. The debt held by the public versus intragovernmental holdings data is available: Yearly (on a fiscal basis) from 09/30/1997 through 09/30/2001. Monthly from 09/30/2001 through 03/31/2005 Daily from 03/31/2005 through 07/18/2018 <N> 