By: John Sours, Administrator, Cathy Mendelsohn, Media Specialist, and Lauren Simons, Legal Intern, Georgia Governors Office of Consumer Protection Recently our agency received a question from a Georgia consumer about whether the text message she had received claiming shed won a Walmart gift card was legitimate or not. The fact is, it is highly unlikely that this kind of text message is legitimate. Scams involving purported free gift cards have been reported throughout the country. In March, the Better Business Bureau reported a scam in which many people received text messages promising free Walmart and Best Buy gift cards. One such message read, Walmart $1,000 gift card for the first 1000 users to go to [link] and enter code 2938. Another said, You have been randomly selected for a Best Buy gift. Get your $1,000 gift card at [link]. Neither of these offers panned out. This type of scam is known as smishing, a type of phishing scam where the scammer sends you a text message, instead of an e-mail. If you click on the link in the text message, youll be required to provide personal information such as your credit card number or social security number before you can claim any gift card. The scammers then use this information to steal your identity. If the link provided in any text (or e-mail) message doesnt lead you directly to a page on the companys main website, its more likely than not that the offer is a scam. The most popular website being used in this particular smishing scam, for example, is www.walmartgift.mobi (rather than the stores actual site, which is www.walmartstores.com). Walmart does give away legitimate gift cards to the winners of drawings for receipt surveys, and these drawings take place four times per year. However, the winners of these gift cards are always notified by certified mail, not via email or text message. Walmart, along with most other major reliable retailers, will never send you a text, telephone, or e-mail message asking for your personal information. Consumers should not respond to any messages that ask for this kind of personal information. Also, you should never click on any links provided in the message. The scammers who send these messages are just trying to get your personal information. Walmarts current policy is that it never asks consumers, either online or in e-mails, to complete online surveys in order to receive a gift card. And Walmart will not send you any e-mails or surveys that require you to make a purchase or pay money as a condition for participating. Consumers receiving this type of text message should report it by forwarding the text message to 7726 (S-P-A-M). You can also report it to your state consumer protection agency and to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) at www.ftc.gov or by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP. <N> It has been a little while since I have shared my grocery haul with yall. So, I deem today the day to talk about all things grocery-related. Be sure to stick around until the end to see what is on my meal plan for the week, too! My meal planning strategy is changing a bit, but it is still filled with plenty of delicious recipes. Whats in My Grocery Bags (#6) Produce picture #1: tons of organic zucchini, a spaghetti squash, a yellow onion, organic sweet potatoes, organic Roma tomatoes, organic mushrooms, and organic whole carrots. More produce: organic apples, two heads of organic broccoli, organic kale, cilantro, and shredded brussel sprouts. More produce and randoms: organic bell peppers, a fresh salmon filet (yes, $7.99 for one!), fresh raspberries, and Field Roast vegan Chao cheese slices. I had not originally planned on buying the cheese, but it was on sale and I am dying to try this new-to-me flavor for grilled cheeses! Some fridge essentials: organic unsweetened coconut milk, mild yellow miso, 100% cranberry juice, organic brown eggs, organic corn tortillas, and unsweetened vanilla rice milk. The rice milk is not a normal purchase of mine, but it was on sale for $2.00 and I had a $2.00 off coupon so free! I have since tried it and I love it. It very well may become a new staple of mine. Now to the freezer essentials: organic chopped spinach, organic peas, organic corn, and two packages of acai packs. I did not have intentions of buying the acai packs, but they were also on sale. I cannot say no to $1.50 off of the regular price, so I bought two! I added a few items to my pantry: organic black refried beans, organic black beans, organic split pea soup, organic dried parsley, albacore tuna, and taco seasoning. TJs taco seasoning is my favorite. It contains zero junky ingredients! And finally, my Sams Club purchases: ton of fresh organic spinach and a bunch of bananas. I buy these every single week for my smoothies. Yes, this is all for me. As I said on Instagram : #foodieproblems. Everything in my grocery bags came in at around $100. This is about $15 more than I normally spend, but I stocked up on several sale items that I had not originally planned on purchasing. As a result, it was a rather pricey week! I love sales, but I hate when they come all at once! And now onto the meal plan for this coming week. For the heads up, these groceries were from last weekend. That would explain why the grocery bags and the meals below dont exactly seem to match up! One of these days I will be better about actually sharing grocery pictures that coincide with the meal plan Weekly Meal Plan: Week of March 8, 2015: I mentioned on Friday that I am challenging myself to start eating more intuitively . As a result, I am planning on meals for the week, but am not selecting which nights I will make them. Instead, I want to listen to what my body is craving. I also plan to make at least 2 servings of all of the above meals in order to have plenty of leftovers for lunches. Wish me luck on my new approach to meal planning! What is on your meal plan this week? Share Good Eats 14 59 . <N> I hit up Trader Joes tonight for a big grocery haul for next weeks carb loading. Thought it would be fun to share my meal planning and carb strategy for the week on here. Ive never truly planned my carb intake before, just increased the amount of carbs I was eating the week and days before a marathon. For the first time, Im going to track my carbs next week. I started today with some research and came up with a basic plan. According to Runners World in the few days before a marathon you should be eating 3.6-5.5 grams of carbs per pound of bodyweight. This means I should be shooting for 400-600g of carbs those last couple days. Thats 1600-2400 calories of carbs alone! Sounds like a lot, probably more than Ive eaten in the past. Heres what I mapped out as a goal amount of carbs by day: Monday: 250g Tuesday: 250-300g Wednesday: 350-400g Thursday: 400-450g Friday: 450-500g Ill keep ya posted as the week goes on how Im tracking. Lets be honest, Ill have plenty of time on my hands. TAPER MADNESS. Now heres the fun part! I got to buy all the things I always want to buy, but dont. Yes, Im looking at you, chocolate chip cookie dunkers. Included in my shopping spree: Kale & a pear for this for this Farro & Kale Salad with Honey Mustard Dressing to take to work for lunch. I already have the rest of the ingredients on hand. Pasta, butternut squash cubes, 99% lean ground turkey, cheese, chicken broth, spinach and an onion for Pinch of Yums Baked Rigatoni with Spinach, Provolone, and Turkey. Im using orecchiette instead of rigatoni and a Swiss and Gruyere cheese mix instead of provolone. Seriously guys, how amazing does this look: Roasted red peppers, pasta, fresh basil, and crescent rolls for The Pioneer Womans for The Pioneer Womans Quick and Easy Roasted Red Pepper Pasta for Friday dinner before the race. Juice, PB filled pretzels, sandwich crackers, chocolate covered pretzels, and choc chip cookie dunkers for snacks plus trail mix for after the race to get some easy calories and protein for recovery. Ive had my eye on those cookie dunkers for the longest time. Probably not my smartest purchase, I am going to be DANGEROUS around them. Pledged I would not touch the treats until next week. If not, I wont have any left for when I actually need the carbs I still need to pick up some bagels, cream cheese, and bananas. Ill grab them early in the week so that theyre fresh. Check back next week for more posts on my carb loading progress and reviews of the recipes! Have you ever tracked your carbs? How do you balance getting the carbs you need but not eating all the junk food (AKA cookie dunkers) that you can find? <N> Whether youre a college student on a budget like me or a family of 4, Whether youre a college student on a budget like me or a family of 4, ALDI has every thing you need at an affordable price. Looking for healthy options? Not a problem, ALDI has a wide array of health options to choose from. Including their fresh fruits and vegetables that are organic and locally grown. They also have a product line of gluten free items called liveGfree. If you are a wine lover like myself they have a wide variety to choose from including Moscato, Pinot Grigio, Sparkling wine, Cabernet and many more. My personal favorite is the Crystal Creek Cellars Riesling. A bit more about ALDI. ALDI has their own unique style when it comes to grocery shopping. And being unique has helped make them become one of the fastest growing retailers in the US. Since ALDI has their own unique style when it comes to grocery shopping. And being unique has helped make them become one of the fastest growing retailers in the US. Since ALDI has their own select premium brands you save up to 50% each time you shop. You can also bring your own bags while shopping at ALDI. Everything they do from their smaller, energy-saving stores to recycled bags and cartons capture the very essence of conservation. As a result, you can save up to 50% on the majority of your needs. ALDI brands are also made of the same, or even higher, quality than national brands. Plus, theyre backed by their Double Guarantee. So you can be sure you and your family will trust ALDI brands for delicious satisfaction. Lets talk about some of my favorites from this haul shall we? First off, the strawberry applesauce is to die for. I dont think Ive tasted anything like it. Also the Caesar salad kit is the best thing since sliced bread. If you havent tried it, what are you waiting for? All of the items below are my go to things when Im on a tight budget. Luckily I have all the essentials such as milk, eggs, butter, water etc at home. First off, the strawberry applesauce is to die for. I dont think Ive tasted anything like it. Also the Caesar salad kit is the best thing since sliced bread. If you havent tried it, what are you waiting for? All of the items below are my go to things when Im on a tight budget. Luckily I have all the essentials such as milk, eggs, butter, water etc at home. Altogether I spent $55.45 before taxes, after taxes my total came to $60.99. I stayed under budget ($65) and bought everything I needed. If you want great food at amazing prices give ALDI a try during your next grocery store trip. You can also follow them on You can also follow them on Instagram Let me know if you like grocery store hauls and Ill be sure to do more in the future. Also I know the lighting is not the best, but Im working on that now for future blog posts. Disclaimer: I am not sponsored by ALDI. Everything was purchased with my on money. All opinions, thoughts and photos are my own. However, if ALDI would like to sponsor me in future that would be great! I did also research a bit about ALDI so that I could provide accurate information. x Brittany <N> Government Impostor Scam Scammers sometimes pretend to be government officials to get you to send them money. They might promise lottery winnings if you pay taxes or other fees, or they might threaten you with arrest or a lawsuit if you dont pay a supposed debt. Regardless of their tactics, their goal is the same: to get you to send them money. IRS Scam During tax season, scammers pretend to be from the IRS or other Government Agencies to scare customers into sending them money. They trick people into believing they owe taxes to the IRS. The scammers threaten those who refuse to pay with arrest, deportation, or loss of a business or drivers license. They ask the victims to go to Walmart to send a money transfer or to put the money on a prepaid card or gift card. In reality, the IRS usually first contacts people by mail  not by phone  about unpaid taxes. The IRS or any other government agency, such as prisons or jails, wont ask for payment using a pre-paid debit card, gift cards, or money transfers. The agency also wont ask for a credit card number over the phone. Common Tactics Used by Callers Committing Fraud They use common names and fake IRS badge numbers They know the last four digits of the victims Social Security Number They make caller ID appear as if the IRS is calling They send bogus IRS emails to support their scam They call a second time claiming to be the police or DMV, and caller ID again supports their claim What You Need to Know If you owe federal taxes, or think you might owe taxes, hang up and call the IRS at 800-829-1040. IRS workers can help you with your payment questions If you dont owe taxes, call and report the incident to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at 800-366-4484 You can also file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission at FTC.gov. Add "IRS Telephone Scam" to the comments in your complaint How to protect yourself Be alert for phone and email scams that use the IRS name or other Government Agencies The IRS will never request personal or financial information by email, texting or any social media. You should forward scam emails to _EMAIL_ Dont open any attachments or click on any links in those emails <N> When youre enrolled in Medicare, youll get your red, white, and blue Medicare card in the mail. If you're automatically enrolled, you'll get your red, white, and blue Medicare card in the mail 3 months before your 65th birthday or your 25th month of getting disability benefits. Your Medicare card shows that you have Medicare health insurance. It shows whether you have Part A (Hospital Insurance), Part B (Medical Insurance) or both, and it shows the date your coverage starts. Be sure to carry your card with you when youre away from home. Let your doctor, hospital, or other health care provider see your card when you need hospital, medical or other health services. New Medicare cards are coming Medicare is mailing new Medicare cards to all people with Medicare now. Find out more about when your card will mail. View an example of the current card. 10 things to know about your new Medicare card Your new card will automatically come to you. You dont need to do anything as long as your address is up to date. If you need to update your address, visit your mySocial Security account. Your new card will have a new Medicare Number thats unique to you, instead of your Social Security Number. This will help to protect your identity. Your Medicare coverage and benefits will stay the same. Mailing takes time. Your card may arrive at a different time than your friends or neighbors. Your new card is paper, which is easier for many providers to use and copy. Once you get your new Medicare card, destroy your old Medicare card and start using your new card right away. If youre in a Medicare Advantage Plan (like an HMO or PPO), your Medicare Advantage Plan ID card is your main card for Medicareyou should still keep and use it whenever you need care. And, if you have a Medicare drug plan, be sure to keep that card as well. Even if you use one of these other cards, you also may be asked to show your new Medicare card, so keep it with you. Doctors, other health care providers and facilities know its coming and will ask for your new Medicare card when you need care, so carry it with you. Only give your new Medicare Number to doctors, pharmacists, other health care providers, your insurers, or people you trust to work with Medicare on your behalf. If you forget your new card, you, your doctor or other health care provider may be able to look up your Medicare Number online. Watch out for scams Medicare will never call you uninvited and ask you to give us personal or private information to get your new Medicare Number and card. Scam artists may try to get personal information (like your current Medicare Number) by contacting you about your new card. If someone asks you for your information, for money, or threatens to cancel your health benefits if you dont share your personal information, hang up and call us at 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227). Learn more about the limited situations in which Medicare can call you. How can I replace my Medicare card? If you need to replace your card because its damaged or lost, sign in to your MyMedicare.gov account to print an official copy of your Medicare card. If you dont have an account, visit MyMedicare.gov to create one. If you need to replace your card because you think that someone else is using your number, let us know. How do I change my name or address? Medicare uses the name and address you have on file with Social Security. To change your name and/or address, visit your online my Social Security account. <N> New Medicare cards offer greater protection to more than 57.7 million Americans Date 2017-05-30 Title New Medicare cards offer greater protection to more than 57.7 million Americans Contact _EMAIL_ New Medicare cards offer greater protection to more than 57.7 million Americans New cards will no longer contain Social Security numbers, to combat fraud and illegal use The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) is readying a fraud prevention initiative that removes Social Security numbers from Medicare cards to help combat identity theft, and safeguard taxpayer dollars. The new cards will use a unique, randomly-assigned number called a Medicare Beneficiary Identifier (MBI), to replace the Social Security-based Health Insurance Claim Number (HICN) currently used on the Medicare card. CMS will begin mailing new cards in April 2018 and will meet the congressional deadline for replacing all Medicare cards by April 2019. Today, CMS kicks-off a multi-faceted outreach campaign to help providers get ready for the new MBI. Were taking this step to protect our seniors from fraudulent use of Social Security numbers which can lead to identity theft and illegal use of Medicare benefits, said CMS Administrator Seema Verma. We want to be sure that Medicare beneficiaries and healthcare providers know about these changes well in advance and have the information they need to make a seamless transition. Providers and beneficiaries will both be able to use secure look up tools that will support quick access to MBIs when they need them. There will also be a 21-month transition period where providers will be able to use either the MBI or the HICN further easing the transition CMS testified on Tuesday, May 23rd before the U.S. House Committee on Ways & Means Subcommittee on Social Security and U.S. House Committee on Oversight & Government Reform Subcommittee on Information Technology, addressing CMSs comprehensive plan for the removal of Social Security numbers and transition to MBIs. Personal identity theft affects a large and growing number of seniors. People age 65 or older are increasingly the victims of this type of crime. Incidents among seniors increased to 2.6 million from 2.1 million between 2012 and 2014, according to the most current statistics from the Department of Justice. Identity theft can take not only an emotional toll on those who experience it, but also a financial one: two-thirds of all identity theft victims reported a direct financial loss. It can also disrupt lives, damage credit ratings and result in inaccuracies in medical records and costly false claims. Work on this important initiative began many years ago, and was accelerated following passage of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (MACRA). CMS will assign all Medicare beneficiaries a new, unique MBI number which will contain a combination of numbers and uppercase letters. Beneficiaries will be instructed to safely and securely destroy their current Medicare cards and keep the new MBI confidential. Issuance of the new MBI will not change the benefits a Medicare beneficiary receives. CMS is committed to a successful transition to the MBI for people with Medicare and for the health care provider community. CMS has a website dedicated to the Social Security Removal Initiative (SSNRI) where providers can find the latest information and sign-up for newsletters. CMS is also planning regular calls as a way to share updates and answer provider questions before and after new cards are mailed beginning in April 2018. For more information, please visit: _LINKS_ ### Get CMS news at cms.gov/newsroom, sign up for CMS news via email and follow CMS on Twitter @CMSgovPress <N> How Do I Create An Account To create a my Social Security account, you must provide some personal information about yourself. You also must give us answers to some questions that only you are likely to know. Next, you create a username and password that you will use to access your online account. Then, you will select how you would like to receive a one-time security code by providing the email address you registered or a text-enabled cell phone number. Once you receive the one-time security code, you will need to enter it within 10 minutes to finish creating your account. This process protects you and keeps your personal Social Security information private. Social Security maintains a robust cyber-security system, but you are the most important factor in helping us keep your information safe. Read "How You Can Help Us Protect Your Social Security Number and Keep Your Information Safe." If you have a security freeze, fraud alert, or both on your credit report, you can still open a my Social Security account in person by visiting your local Social Security office. You can also temporarily lift your security freeze or fraud alert to create your account online, and then reinstate it as needed. <N> CLAIM Aldi is giving away 40% off grocery coupons to Facebook users. RATING ORIGIN Example: Aldi has a coupon for $60 off a minimum $70 purchase. Aldi has verified this is a scam, but people are sharing it all over facebook. Origins: In December 2015, Facebook users began seeing posts advertising a Get 40% off all purchases in store coupon offer for the ALDI grocery store chain. These posts were the latest iteration of the common free coupon or free gift card scams that frequently plague social media and have also preyed on shoppers of chains such as Kroger and Target. These coupons are not legitimate, as Aldi themselves noted on their Facebook page: We understand the confusion that some customers experienced with the recent online coupon for 40% off. Please know that ALDI does not issue electronic coupons. This offer was not authorized or distributed by ALDI and will not be honored at ALDI locations. We sincerely regret any inconvenience this situation may cause. This coupon offer is a form of survey scam that directs victims to what looks like a Facebook page for ALDI (but actually has no affiliation with that company, despite being adorned with the ALDI logo) and instructs them to share the bogus ALDI coupon offer on their Facebook timelines and submit comments about it: This page instructs shoppers to follow these two simple steps in order to get their 40% off coupons. Once the steps are completed, however, users are not greeted with information explaining how to claim their coupons. Instead, theyre asked to take a brief survey that entails providing personal information such as home address, telephone number, e-mail address, and date of birth, and are required to sign up for credit cards or enroll in number of subscription programs in order to obtain their free gift cards: All in all, trying to claim that free 40% off ALDI coupon is likely going to end up costing you a lot more than youll save. A version of the scam surfaced again in May 2016; ALDI responded to frustrated consumers on their Facebook wall: We understand the confusion that some customers have experienced with the recent digital coupon scams affecting ALDI and other retailers. We dont offer electronic coupons or electronic gift cards, and they wont be accepted at our stores. Were sorry for the confusion. If you frequently use Facebook, there is a good chance that youll run into one of these survey scams again. A July 2014 article from the Better Business Bureau lists key factors for identifying fraudulent Facebook posts: Dont believe what you see. Its easy to steal the colors, logos and header of an established organization. Scammers can also make links look like they lead to legitimate websites and emails appear to come from a different sender. Legitimate businesses do not ask for credit card numbers or banking information on customer surveys. If they do ask for personal information, like an address or email, be sure theres a link to their privacy policy. When in doubt, do a quick web search. If the survey is a scam, you may find alerts or complaints from other consumers. The organizations real website may have further information. Watch out for a reward thats too good to be true. If the survey is real, you may be entered in a drawing to win a gift card or receive a small discount off your next purchase. Few businesses can afford to give away $50 gift cards for completing a few questions. Variations: In June 2017, a version of the scam touting discounts in honor of Aldis purported anniversary began circulating on Facebook: HEY FRIENDS CHECK THIS OUT!!!!! Aldi is giving Free $75 Coupon to Everyone to celebrate 103rd Anniversary! Each Person (1)- Go & get yours! ALDI-COM.COM However, attempting to visit the linked domain (ALDI-COM.COM) led to a Google virus or malware warning and not to Aldis official web site: <N> Claim: BMW is giving away free cars on Facebook. FALSE Examples: [Collected via e-mail, November 2014] BMW ///M POWERs photos are being advertised on Facebook as a giveaway, but never seem to see any winners posted. Is it a fake or for real. Origins: In November 2014, a scam promising a free BMW 435i started circulating on Facebook. The fraudulent offer was first posted to the BMW ///M Power Facebook Page (no affiliation to the car company) on 12 November 2014. The message instructed users to like, comment, and share the post in order to win a free car: This is a common strategy used in social media scams. Recent offers for fake Costco, Kroger and Amazon gift cards all employed similar tactics in order to spread their message quickly across the internet. The free BMW giveaway post was shared by more than a half million people in just a few days. In fact, it became so popular that BMW (the real BMW) stepped in to tell its customers it was fake: <N> Scam: The IRS (or the Department of Justice) is sending out notifications of complaints in regards to business services via e-mail. FALSE Example: [Collected on the Internet, May 2013] Internal Revenue Service Internal Revenue Service You have received a complaint in regards to your business services. The complaint was filled by Mr./Mrs. Filelio BALDIZAN on 05/29/2013/ Case Number: 165430554448 Instructions on how to resolve this complaint as well as a copy of the original complaint are attached to this email. Disputes involving consumer products and/or services may be arbitrated. Unless they directly relate to the contract that is the basis of this dispute, the following claims will be considered for arbitration only if all parties agree in writing that the arbitrator may consider them: Claims based on product liability; Claims for personal injuries; Claims that have been resolved by a previous court action, arbitration, or written agreement between the parties. The decision as to whether your dispute or any part of it can be arbitrated rests solely with the IRS. The IRS offers a binding arbitration service for disputes involving marketplace transactions. Arbitration is a convenient, civilized way to settle disputes quickly and fairly, without the costs associated with other legal options. Origins: People generally associate the name Internal Revenue Service (IRS) with trouble (i.e., rarely does an envelope from the IRS bear good news), so messages that appear to issue from the IRS usually grab a recipients attention and are therefore excellent bait for phishing schemes and other scams. The key point to keep in mind to protect oneself from this form of fraud is that neither the IRS nor the Department of Justice (DOJ) sends out unsolicited e-mails or ask taxpayers to supply detailed personal and financial information (including PINs and passwords) via e-mail. Phony complaint in regards to your business services messages (like the example cited above) that have been appearing in inboxes since May 2007 use the lure of seemingly official IRS communications to trick recipients into clicking on links or opening attachments, with predictably harmful results. In this case, the payoff was apparently not the usual direct phishing scheme (i.e., an attempt to lure the unwitting into providing sensitive personal and financial information) but the planting of a Trojan Horse on recipients computers: The Internal Revenue Service has alerted taxpayers to the latest versions of an e-mail scam intended to fool people into believing they are under investigation by the agencys Criminal Investigation division. The e-mail purporting to be from IRS Criminal Investigation falsely states that the person is under a criminal probe for submitting a false tax return to the California Franchise Tax Board. The e-mail seeks to entice people to click on a link or open an attachment to learn more information about the complaint against them. The IRS warned people that the e-mail link and attachment is a Trojan Horse that can take over the persons computer hard drive and allow someone to have remote access to the computer. The IRS urged people not to click the link in the e-mail or open the attachment. Similar e-mail variations suggest a customer has filed a complaint against a company and the IRS can act as an arbitrator. The latest versions appear aimed at business taxpayers as well as individual taxpayers. The IRS and the DOJ advise Recipients of questionable e-mails claiming to come from either agency should not open any attachments or click on any links contained in the e-mails. Instead, they should forward the e-mails to _EMAIL_ or file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3). <N> IRS impersonation telephone calls  as well as other types of unwanted calls (e.g., telemarketing robocalls, fake grants, tech support, sweepstakes winnings, etc.) remain popular scams. Blocking these types of calls is one strategy taxpayers should consider. Easy to install call blocking software for smartphones is available. While the IRS does not endorse any solution or brand, a limited sample of the available options are: Consumer Reports - _LINKS_ Consumer's Union - _LINKS_ CTIA - _LINKS_ Indiana AG - _LINKS_ If you receive a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS but you suspect they are not an IRS employee: View your tax account information online or review their payment options at IRS.gov to see the actual amount owed If the caller is an IRS employee with a legitimate need to contact you, please call them back using the appropriate online resources If the individual is not an IRS employee and does not have a legitimate need to contact you and regardless of whether you were a victim of the scam or not, report the incident to the appropriate law enforcement agencies: If IRS-related, please report to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) via their online complaint form. If Treasury-related, please report to the Office of the Treasury Inspector General (TIG) via _EMAIL_ Please report IRS or Treasury-related fraudulent calls to _EMAIL_ (Subject: IRS Phone Scam). For any fraudulent call, after listening to the message, do not provide any information and hang up. When you report the fraudulent call, please include: The telephone number of the caller (e.g., Caller ID) The telephone number you were instructed to call back A brief description of the communication If possible, please include: The employee name The employee badge number The exact date and time that you received the call(s) The geographic location and time zone where you received the call if possible In addition, please consider filing a complaint with the: <N> Consumers should be aware of a scam e-mail about an electronic federal tax payment the e-mail claims they tried to make or which specifies the Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS). The e-mail states that tax payments made by the e-mail recipient through EFTPS have been rejected. The e-mail then directs recipients to a bogus link for a transaction report that, when clicked, downloads malicious software (malware) that infects the intended victims computer. The malware is designed to send back to the scammer personal and financial information already contained on the taxpayer's computer or obtained through capturing keystrokes. The scammer uses this personal and financial information to commit identity theft. To avoid malware, do not click on any links, open any attachments or reply to the sender for this or any other unsolicited e-mails you may receive about your tax account which claims to come from the IRS or EFTPS. If you responded to this scam and believe you may have become the victim of identity theft, find out what steps you can take. The IRS and the Financial Management Service (the Treasury bureau that owns EFTPS) do not communicate payment information through e-mail. A scam that tricks someone into revealing their personal and financial data is identity theft. A scam that attempts to do this through e-mail is known as phishing. Find out more about IRS-impersonation phishing scams and how to recognize and report them to the IRS. EFTPS is a tax payment system that allows individuals and businesses to pay federal taxes electronically via the Internet or phone. It is committed to taxpayer privacy and uses industry-leading security practices and technology to protect taxpayer data. <N> IRS YouTube Video: Tax Scams: English | ASL IR-2013-84, Oct. 31, 2013 WASHINGTON  The Internal Revenue Service today warned consumers about a sophisticated phone scam targeting taxpayers, including recent immigrants, throughout the country. Victims are told they owe money to the IRS and it must be paid promptly through a pre-loaded debit card or wire transfer. If the victim refuses to cooperate, they are then threatened with arrest, deportation or suspension of a business or drivers license. In many cases, the caller becomes hostile and insulting. This scam has hit taxpayers in nearly every state in the country. We want to educate taxpayers so they can help protect themselves. Rest assured, we do not and will not ask for credit card numbers over the phone, nor request a pre-paid debit card or wire transfer, says IRS Acting Commissioner Danny Werfel. If someone unexpectedly calls claiming to be from the IRS and threatens police arrest, deportation or license revocation if you dont pay immediately, that is a sign that it really isnt the IRS calling. Werfel noted that the first IRS contact with taxpayers on a tax issue is likely to occur via mail Other characteristics of this scam include: Scammers use fake names and IRS badge numbers. They generally use common names and surnames to identify themselves. Scammers may be able to recite the last four digits of a victims Social Security Number. Scammers spoof the IRS toll-free number on caller ID to make it appear that its the IRS calling. Scammers sometimes send bogus IRS emails to some victims to support their bogus calls. Victims hear background noise of other calls being conducted to mimic a call site. After threatening victims with jail time or drivers license revocation, scammers hang up and others soon call back pretending to be from the local police or DMV, and the caller ID supports their claim. If you get a phone call from someone claiming to be from the IRS, heres what you should do: If you know you owe taxes or you think you might owe taxes, call the IRS at 1.800.829.1040. The IRS employees at that line can help you with a payment issue  if there really is such an issue. If you know you dont owe taxes or have no reason to think that you owe any taxes (for example, youve never received a bill or the caller made some bogus threats as described above), then call and report the incident to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration at 1-800-366-4484. You can file a complaint using the FTC Complaint Assistant; choose Other and then Imposter Scams. If the complaint involves someone impersonating the IRS, include the words IRS Telephone Scam in the notes. Taxpayers should be aware that there are other unrelated scams (such as a lottery sweepstakes) and solicitations (such as debt relief) that fraudulently claim to be from the IRS. The IRS encourages taxpayers to be vigilant against phone and email scams that use the IRS as a lure. The IRS does not initiate contact with taxpayers by email to request personal or financial information. This includes any type of electronic communication, such as text messages and social media channels. The IRS also does not ask for PINs, passwords or similar confidential access information for credit card, bank or other financial accounts. Recipients should not open any attachments or click on any links contained in the message. Instead, forward the e-mail to _EMAIL_ More information on how to report phishing scams involving the IRS is available on the genuine IRS website, IRS.gov. You can reblog the IRS tax scam alert via Tumblr. Related Item: Follow the IRS on New Media Subscribe to IRS Newswire <N> Garrett Gregory, a former senior lawyer with the I.R.S. who now has a tax practice in Dallas, said the calls were pervasive and that his office heard once or twice a week from clients who were concerned about getting such calls. Most people know to laugh and hang up, he said, but the calls still can be unnerving. His own father received such a call a month ago, he said. The crooks arent particularly discriminating in their choice of targets: The Connecticut state tax commissioner received a call this month, according to a report in The Hartford Courant. And a lawyer for the Federal Trade Commission wrote this month on the agencys blog that she had received such a call on her home answering machine. Hello, we have been trying to reach you, the message said. This call is officially a final notice from the I.R.S., Internal Revenue Service. The reason of this call is to inform you that I.R.S. is filing a lawsuit against you. The callers strive to appear authentic; they may use robocalling technology that shows I.R.S. on your caller identification screen. They may know part or all of your Social Security number and they may provide a fake I.R.S. badge number. In some cases, follow-up calls may come, supposedly from local police or prosecutors. But the telephone call itself, experts say, is the first tipoff that the call is bogus. The I.R.S. does not initiate contact through phone or email, but rather sends written correspondence through the United States mail. The I.R.S. does not call people, Mr. Gregory said. Here are some questions about tax fraud schemes:  What should I do if a caller says they are with the I.R.S? Dont provide any personal information and dont engage with the caller (other than, perhaps, to ask their name, the F.T.C. advises, so you can include it in a complaint). Then, hang up. You can report the incident to the Treasury inspector general for tax administration by filling out an online form. <N> The IRS periodically alerts taxpayers to schemes that fraudulently use the IRS name, logo or Web site clone to gain access to consumers financial information in order to steal their identity and assets. The scams may take place through e-mail, fax or phone. When they take place via e-mail, they are called phishing scams. The IRS website has information that can help you protect yourself from tax scams of all kinds. Search the site using the term: phishing. The following is a list of recent schemes: IR-2016-145 The IRS issues an urgent alert to tax professionals who use IRS e-services to beware of an email asking them to update their accounts and directing them to a fake website. IR-2016-123 IRS and its Security Summit partners alert taxpayers to be on guard against fake emails purporting to contain an IRS tax bill related to the Affordable Care Act. Generally, the scam involves an email that includes a fraudulent version of CP2000 notices for tax year 2015 as an attachment. IR-2016-99 The IRS has seen an increase in robo-calls where scammers leave urgent callback requests through the phone telling taxpayers to call back to settle their tax bill. These fake calls generally claim to be the last warning before legal action is taken. In the latest trend, IRS impersonators are demanding payments on iTunes and other gift cards. The IRS reminds taxpayers that any request to settle a tax bill by putting money on any form of gift card is a clear indication of a scam. IR-2016-81 IRS warns taxpayers about bogus phone calls from IRS impersonators demanding payment for a non-existent tax, the Federal Student Tax. Scammers try to convince people to wire money immediately to the scammer. If the victim does not fall quickly enough for this fake federal student tax, the scammer threatens to report the student to the police. IR-2016-55 IRS warns taxpayers of a phishing scam targeting Washington D.C., Maryland and Virginia residents where the email scammers are citing tax fraud and trying to trick victims into verifying the last four digits of their social security number by clicking on a link provided. As a further attempt to trick residents of the Capital region, the email scam even suggests that information from recent data breaches across the nation may be involved. IR-2016-40 This variation tries to play off the current tax season. Scammers call saying they have your tax return, and they just need to verify a few details to process your return. The scam tries to get you to give up personal information such as a Social Security number or personal financial information, such as bank numbers or credit cards. Don't fall victim to tax scams. Remember  if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Additional IRS scam-related information: See Suspicious e-Mails and Identity Theft. <N> Claim: A $100 Target coupon circulated via Facebook is real. FALSE Example: [Collected via e-mail, February 2015] I saw a notice on facebook that when you click, you receive a $100 coupon for Target, when you purchase $100 or more on groceries. I cant find any info on this, but later saw a post that said NBC news said this is a hoax. Now I cant find that post! Is this real or a hoax? nothing noted on Target site. Thanks! I saw a notice on facebook that when you click, you receive a$100 coupon for Target, when you purchase $100 or more on groceries. Icant find any info on this, but later saw a post that said NBC news saidthis is a hoax. Now I cant find that post! Is this real or ahoax noted on Target site. Thanks! Origins: In February 2015, a survey scam began to circulate on Facebook promising users a tantalizing $100 Target coupon in exchange for clicking a link, liking, and sharing it. According to the image and link, the coupon was applicable to any purchase of $100 or more on groceries at any Target location. The $100 Target coupon scam was not the first clickjack or survey scam aimed at Target. But unlike the gift card scams that circulated before it, the coupon element of the ruse worked to allay concerns of the offers being too good to be true. (However, the relative high dollar value of the coupon and lack of restrictions on its use essentially promised value identical to that of a gift card scam.) Facebook fans of Target posted to the retailers wall to inquire about the coupon or thank the chain for offering such a generous deal. Targets official Facebook account published responses to many of the replies warning consumers that the offer was not legitimate, that the coupon did not originate from Target, and that its originators were likely seeking users personal information: That isnt a valid Target promotion and is most likely an attempt to gather your personal information. Please dont click any links or provide any info. Thanks so much for taking the time to let us know! Have a great day!  Philip Moreover, cursory closer examination of the purported $100 Target coupon revealed that portions of the image (particularly where the dollar amount appeared) had been doctored. <N> About 248,000 results iflscience.com This Photo Deeply Disgusts Some People, And Scientists Are Trying ... 1848  1386 - 445k - jpg en.wikipedia.org File:Lotus seed pod.jpg - Wikipedia 1280  1024 - 345k - jpg gregchamblee.com lotus seed pod | greg chamblee photography 1600  1067 - 1166k - jpg flickr.com Lotus seed pod | tanakawho | Flickr 1024  768 - 332k - jpg dreamstime.com Lotus Seed Pod stock image. Image of asia, backgrounds - 6306191 800  531 - 80k - jpg flickr.com Lotus seed pod | Princess of Wales Conservatory Kew Gardens  | Flickr 1024  1024 - 432k - jpg howtbs.in lotus seed pod Archives - HowTBS HowTBS 800  534 - 54k - jpg pinterest.com alien's eyes (lotus seeds) | Lotus, Seeds and Flowers 480  480 - 40k - jpg onlyfoods.net Lotus Seeds - Nutrition Facts, Health Benefits, Uses, Recipes 550  367 - 54k - jpg says.com If Your Friend Shared That Lotus Seed Post, Do Them A Favour, End ... 1280  960 - 200k - jpg 123rf.com Lotus Seed Pod After Petals Have Fallen Stock Photo, Picture And ... 1300  866 - 141k - jpg alamy.com Sacred Lotus Seed Pod - Nelumbo nucifera Stock Photo: 76913520 - Alamy 1300  953 - 131k - jpg marble911.deviantart.com Lotus seed pod by marble911 on DeviantArt 760  507 - 172k - jpg society6.com Lotus Seed Pod Painting Stationery Cards by pineapplestreetdesigns ... 700  700 - 82k - jpg videoblocks.com Trypophobia with Lotus Seed Pod (Fear of Holes) Stock Video ... 1920  1080 - 3355k - png shutterstock.com Lotus Seed Pod Images, Stock Photos & Vectors | Shutterstock 347  280 - 16k - jpg cindydyer.wordpress.com Sacred Lotus seed pod | Cindy Dyer's Blog 900  1350 - 791k - jpg mightylinks.info Lotus Flower Seed Pods Gallery - Flower Decoration Ideas 631  505 - 127k - jpg canstockphoto.com Lotus seed pod. 450  320 - 24k - jpg dailymail.co.uk Fear of holes could reveal a deep anxiety of parasites | Daily ... 634  536 - 58k - jpg Searches related to "lotus seed pod" lotus seed pod phobia lotus root lotus seed on skin <N> Provide all personal details in section 1 (e.g. your name, location and e-mail address) Tick 'Other' as your 'Type of Comment' in Section 2 It has been brought to our attention that attempts have been made to defraud Internet shoppers by unauthorised use of the DHL name and brand, via e-mail communications and graphics which appear, on the surface, to originate from DHL.The communications concern the sale of consumer goods over the Internet, where payment may be requested by money transfer before the goods will be delivered. Please be aware that DHL does not in general get involved in collecting payment from its customers for goods which it transports. In general, DHL only collects money due to DHL (for the shipping costs).If you receive a communication like this, or if there is any doubt as to the authenticity of any DHL communication, please report it to DHL by contacting Customer Service via e-mail from the global DHL web site, www.dhl.com, or phone Customer Service at the telephone number published on the DHL web site for your country (country web site addresses available through www.dhl.com).This security notice does not affect the obligation of consignee to pay shipping, customs, VAT or similar charges where these are properly payable at the time of delivery.You can contact us by e-mail now using the DHL on-line contact form Please ensure that you:You can then add your questions or issues in the box provided.By following the above instructions, we can ensure that your comments are answered by a local DHL expert as quickly and efficiently as possible.If you are in any doubt as to the integrity of a DHL country web site, please access using 'Select your Country' to the right of this page.Thank you. <N> Following are examples of unauthorized e-mails fraudulently representing themselves as FedEx or as representatives of FedEx. It is important to note that FedEx does not request via unsolicited mail or e-mail payment or personal information in return for goods in transit or in FedEx custody. If you believe that you have received suspicious e-mail, or have any questions or concerns, please contact us immediately at 1.800.GoFedEx 1.800.463.3339 or via e-mail at _EMAIL_ Sent: 3/10/2008 2:29:02 A.M. Pacific Daylight Time Subj: PAYMENT DETAILS FEDEX COURIER SERVICE, WEST AFRICA EDO STATE,NIGERIA Dear Customer: , I have been awaiting for you to contact me for the delivery of your check of $900,000,00. You can as well come down to this branch to pick up your package or even send someone to pick it up on your behalf. More so, the phone number works perfectly and I will advise you cross the number again as it is below this mail. There is this who came to our company last week to place your check on out going delivery, he already paid for the insurance fee and the delivery charges. But he did not pay for the security keeping fee due to the fact that we did not know when you will be contacting us via mail to inform us that we have your check, so we advised him not to pay for the security keeping fee of the courier company so far but we informed him to contact you on time so you will not have to pay more than $245 USD on demurrage and we do not operate COD on a charge like this. All you need to do right now to get your check delivered to your door step is to go ahead and pay the security keeping fee of the courier company so far.The fee is $245.00 USD = 130 Pounds only, you are to come up with this fee as to process the delivery of your package. Payment should be made via western union money transfer only for security purpose, payment details are listed below. Name: Address: Benin City, Edo State Nigeria. Text Question to be used: Relationship? Text Answer: Friend You have to send down the MTCN (Money Transfer Control Number) and your complete postal address. Reconfirm your full name, address, country and most important your phone number. Get back to me with your payment details, I will have to send a mail that you have contacted me regarding the check he left for you. Note that your tracking number would be provided to you as soon as the payment has been made and confirmed by us. Have a wonderful time. Please call me anytime you need any assistance. Dispatch Director. P.S: Below is the display image of your package on my desk ready for instant dispatchment. Sent: Tuesday, March 04, 2008 1:18 AM Subject: CONTACT FEDEX NOW!!! Good day! It is my pleasure to inform you that your Confirmable Bank Draft of $1,500,000.00 United States Dollars which my boss kept for you before he left, but i did not heard from you since that time. Then I went to the bank to confirm if the draft has expired or getting near to expire and the Director of the Bank where the check was issued told me that before the draft will get to your hand that it will expire. So I told him to cash the $1,500,000.00 to cash payment to avoid losing this funds under expiration as I will be out of the country for 3 Months Course and I will not come back until end of Oct 2008. What you have to do now is to contact the FEDEX COURIER COMPANY as soon as possible to know when they will deliver your package to you without delaying. And for your information, I have paid for the delivering Charges. The only money you will send to the FEDEX Courier Company to deliver your Consignment direct to your postal Address in your country is ($150.00 US) One Hundred & Fifty Dollars only being Security Keeping Fee of the Courier Company so far. Again, don't be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except $150.00 US Dollars. I would have paid that but they said no because they don't know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage. Now contact the FEDEX COURIER COMPANY immediately for the delivery of your package with this information bellow: Contact Person: Email Address: Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your Postal address and Direct telephone number to them again to avoid any mistake on the Delivery and ask them to give you the tracking number to enable you track your package over there and know when it will get to your address. Let me repeat again, try to contact them as soon as you receive this mail to avoid any further delay and remember to pay them their Security Keeping fee of ($150.00 US) Dollars for their immediate action. Note this. The FEDEX COURIER COMPANY don't know the contents of the Box. I registered it as a BOX of African cloths. Don't let them know that the contents of box is money ok this is to avoid them delaying with the BOX. Yours Faithfully, <N> 